
Date Submitted
12 13 2015  3:54:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
(Khoi) Nguyen  Nguyen

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Anjani Agrawal

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
anjani.agr@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Friend in AKPsi

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I know this applicant very well since the beginning of the Fall 2015 semester through AKPsi - a business coed professional fraternity. Through out the semester I have worked with the applicant on various group projects and have seen him excel in his first semester at Tech. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
The applicant has a very grasp of a person's personality and is able to use that to his advantage. He is also a great listener and is able to come up with diverse solutions. I think this aspect of him will really help excel in this positions and deal with residents and their issues easily. He adds worth to a relationship by being aware of and being able to assimilate the situation. This also makes him a very approachable person since knowing that I can just talk to him about anything and everything. Secondly, the applicant does a good job at keeping personal and professional roles apart. And I believe this will help him develop a good community on his floor, but also carry out the house keeping duties in a professional manner.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I believe that this applicant has a habit of sticking hard to the deadline and this is something he requires of those around him as well. He is a very timely person and likes doing things in advance - this is an area where his work still tends to clash with those of others. The way he might approach others to get the task done in the most effective way is something he can work on  and I believe this is something he will learn very easily on the job.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This applicant will work best in the RA position with upperclassmen. I believe this applicant works well with people  who give him feedback about his tasks and appreciate his efforts and give him the same respect that he gives others. He works least well with people who don't tell him if he is doing something wrong or not - this usually makes him feel unclear about if what he is doing is efficient and working or if he needs to change up things.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe this applicant will make a great SSM because of his ability to be a good listener, a timely person, disciplined about his responsibilities but also having the energy to encourage excitement in those around him - all of which will help him build a good balanced community around him.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None
