
Date Submitted
11 30 2015  11:45:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Abhirav Joshi

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Thomas Mezaros

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
tommezaros@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant as their PL for over three months now.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
The applicant is very passionate about their interests and enjoys getting involved in Hall Council. He is incredibly hardworking to achieve his passions, and is very determined when he needs to complete a task. He would be able to respect someone's difficult journey, and is definitely strong with regards to personal development.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
The applicant would need to develop assisting others with their passions and putting others before himself. He appears more focused regarding his own passions than about other peoples passions. While he is incredibly determined at achieving his own tasks, I feel that may hinder his ability to actively put others before him and sacrifice his own work and passions to assist others. Likewise, I feel he could use further development regarding social interaction with people whose interests are not similar to his own.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I feel this applicant would be better with upperclass students. This is because upperclassman typically need less guidance than freshman students, and therefore Abhirav would be able to act as a resource and a friendly liason, while assiting with events. He works best with quieter, calmer students and works less better with overly-energetic personalities.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe the candidate would make a good SSM. Abhriav contains the event coordination skills, organizational skills, and personal determination to be a good SSM. However, he would need to develop better social skills interacting with personalities unlike his own, and putting his own interests aside to help others in order to be a truly effective SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
