
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  7:24:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Aditya Gupta

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Dennis Willeford

Your Position and or Title:
Head of School

Your Email Address:
dwilleford@isaruba.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Head of School where Aditya attended HS

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was the Administrator at Aditya's high school. We worked together closely for 3 years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
In my 30 years of working in education, Aditya may be the most complete and balanced student with whom I've worked. He represented our school and Aruba as a spokesperson both locally and internationally when he participated in a world youth conference in Switzerland. Aditya has the ability to communicate clearly, with patience and understanding to varied audiences. He seems equally at home working with small children as a tutor to advising government officials on policy adoption. He is well respected by his peers for his non-confrontational and highly productive approach to finding solutions to challenging problems. He seems perfectly matched for the position as I understand it. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Whenever Aditya feels he has a weakness or area in which he wants to improve, he dedicates himself toward that improvement. I'm struggling to make a suggestion, but if pressed to identify an area for continued development, Aditya can work more on matching his writing ability to his speaking ability. His public presentation is stronger than his writing.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
You can place him with any type of student and he will be successful. Use him as needed. Because he has high expectations for himself, he may work best with other motivated students and eventually lose patience with non motivated students, but I've never seen the limits of his patience.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe he will excel if given the opportunity. His personality seems a perfect match for dealing with any situation that comes up. He will find mutually beneficial solutions, while avoiding escalation in contentious situations. He is top shelf.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Contact me if I can be of any more assistance: dwilleford@isaruba.com When Aditya graduated last year, he created a huge hole in our student leadership. We found out how reliant the other students were on his leadership and ability to get work done.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I give honest recommendations. You do not have to read between any lines in my communication. Aditya is a quality person.
