
Date Submitted
12 16 2015  8:06:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Aditi Kumar

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Megen Wittling

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader for Brown Smith Harris

Your Email Address:
mwittling3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Aditi is my resident on my hall in Brown, and I have known her since the beginning of this year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Aditi is very kind and communicative. She is friends with almost everyone on our hall and is very compassionate as well. I love Aditi's enthusiasm to learn as well as to put herself out there. She is an international student but has made a true effort to get to know everyone and really dive in at Georgia Tech. In addition, she works very hard at all that she does from school to extracurriculars and is truly passionate about what she does. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
She is an international student so really just familiarizing herself with Atlanta and Georgia Tech as well as learning some of those leadership skills.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think she would be very successful with freshman as she not only has enjoyed the freshman experience, but is an individual who I could see working very hard at her job as a Peer Leader. However, I feel upperclassman would honestly be a good fit as well since she is someone who is very responsible. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I really do. Aditi has a lot to offer to the position as she is someone I can see really dedicating her time to being a good Peer Leader and checking up on her residents. In addition, she is someone who really cares about the individuals on our hall and would be a great listener and staff member. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Even though she is an international student, she has still been able to really integrate herself into our hall and become an integral part of the community.
