
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  10:20:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Aditya Sharma

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Hanyan Li

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Advisor

Your Email Address:
f1annlee@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
one semester Aditya is my current resident and a member of hall counsel 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
He is responsible, friendly, easygoing, and always eager to help. What's more, he follows the rules and tries to organize everything in order as a financial coordinator of the hall counsel. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
He can interact more with students as a RA. More interactions will boom the culture sharing, mutual help, and social development.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
graduate students  most well with residents who like everything in order, who want to live in a quiet and safe environment, and who want to actively shout out their need and approach RAs for help  work least well with residents who are more actively behaved in their academic and personal life, who do not like to follow the rules 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
yes  He tries to make things right and follow the rules, and approachable most of the times, that's proved by when he organize the bills of community builder. Therefore, when he works with hall director and other staff member, he can be a strong supporter.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He's the most experienced resident in my area in terms of activity involvement, hall counsel bill submission and reimbursement, and personally, he has his own company and I feel that he  has gone through different things.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
He has my strongest recommendation among all the residents on my flloor
