
Date Submitted
12 19 2015  10:23:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Adyasha Mohanti

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Megen Wittling

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader for Brown Smith Harris

Your Email Address:
mwittling3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Adyasha is one of my residents this year in Brown, and I have known her since she began at Tech.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Adyasha is very driven and works exceptionally hard at all she does. She is very studious and has transitioned well as an international student. She is also very kind and considerate of others on our hall. I always see her in the lounge or hallway working on her homework for classes, and she is really on top of things. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
She is very involved, so I feel she may need to cut back on a few things in order to have more time for residents. She doesn't have a lot of leadership experience but could be a good leader to residents.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
She is interested in the Peer Leader position for first-years, but I feel she would work very well with upperclassmen as well. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I feel as long as she cut back on a few other organizations, she would make a very good SSM. She is a good role model as she is again very on top of school and an involved student. She puts in a lot of effort into what she does. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Great resident that I have had no problems with
