
Date Submitted
12 29 2015  6:24:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Aksal Vashi

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Abhi Goswami

Your Position and or Title:
President and Manager of Georgia Tech Qurbani

Your Email Address:
abhi.kgoswami@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Aksal for approximately a year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Aksal is one of the most organized and enthusiastic freshmen I have ever met at Georgia Tech. Not only does he excel academically but since day one he has always asked me,'How can I help?' pertaining to anything with the team. I have had the opportunity of mentoring him both as a dancer and as a student here at Tech and I can say that his ability to handle dancing, volunteering to help with managerial work, academic, clubs, and still have time for a decent amount of free time is surprising to say the least. Away from his actual ability, I find his personality to be the most telling. For as long as I have known him, he never been afraid to come up to a new person and say hello or even just smile and say 'hi' in his cheerful style as he walks by them. I think what is even more telling of Aksal is that when thinking of what to write for this recommendation I realized that everyone I know of that he could've asked to write this recommendation would only have positive things to say about him. Aksal knows what it means to work as a team and I have first hand seen him find ways to make even the toughest rules set forward by heads of the team become understandable to some of the unwilling freshmen dancers (ex food rules before competitions). Aksal is a natural leader with a penchant for compassion and fairness for everyone. I see Aksal being a great asset both for Georgia Tech administration and student residents.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I believe the best way that Aksal can improve is by leading groups of people significantly older than him. This is why I feel like he would be a much more successful with first-years. Around students and people who are more than a year older than him I've noticed he tends to be more quiet. Until he gets to know them somewhat well, he tends to just stay with his smile, 'hiello', and casual conversation; although he is outwardly only a little less bubbly around new, older people I can tell he can be less comfortable. That said, I feel that through an SSM-like experience he would grow in that way. Also, there are times where he isn't as confident as I feel like he can be in himself; he is a very intelligent, talented, and humble young man who still has a lot of potential to grow.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Aksal would be extremely successful with first-years but I could clearly see him succeeding with older students. His personality is always upbeat, bubbly, and vibrant; he has quickly made friends on many dance teams around Georgia Tech and at other schools just by going up to them and talking to them for a few minutes. I have seen Aksal work very well with almost all personalities; whenever I see him he is always interacting with anyone from the boisterous, very active type to the shy, more reserved type. That said he also has a great ability to conduct himself in a very professional manner when helping to represent our team. The only group of people I have seen him have trouble creating very close connections with are very apathetic individuals, and I'm not sure I can blame him for that  (and for clarification, apathetic is very distinct from reserved).

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Without reservation, yes. I am jealous of the incoming freshmen that will have the opportunity to receive mentoring and support from Aksal as they transition into the Georgia Tech community.  I don't know very many guys that are as able to talk about both the very serious topics and the fun and easy going areas of life in the same conversation without the slightest bit of discomfort. I remember when he directly talked out a conflict between some younger team members and then hilariously started talking with one of them about balancing a potential relationship and his classes. Even when he has felt poorly emotionally and has come talked to me about whatever was going on, he never once 'shares that negative energy' (as he calls it) to other people. Whenever I see him regardless of the circumstances, he is always full of energy and has an extra smile to give you. He is a team player and never rests until the job is done and done well. Finally he is very weird; in the best way possible. He literally listens to every genre of music (I'm not joking: country, rap, EDM, Hindi, pop, bhangra... The list goes on), he has been involved with or knows someone involved with most activities imaginable, he's very knowledgeable about every major world sport I know of, and he likes watching the most obscure documentaries. There is no student that Aksal wouldn't be able to counsel and support in his (and really, even 'her') transition into Georgia Tech life.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Aksal never strives to just complete a task; he always looks to do his best and whenever you see the end result, his hard work clearly distinguishes itself just from what is expected. Along with that, I see Aksal as a life-long learner. He always want to learn what I do to help make the team learn and whenever he makes a mistake whether during dance, school, or whatever he always comes and asks both what he did (I assume to get an outside opinion) and how he can improve from then. Aksal started out as a pretty bad dancer but he has yet to make the same mistake twice and now he is growing to be a young leader on the team. I see Aksal being very similar as a PL or RA, except he would come in with all the attributes and skills needed.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No, everything has already been addressed.
