
Date Submitted
1 15 2016  4:45:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Alexander Norwood

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Cheytoria Phillips

Your Position and or Title:
Finanical Manager

Your Email Address:
Cheytoria.phillips@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
n a

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I am Alex's on campus supervisor. I have known Alex for 6 months.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Alex has great interpersonal, customer service and communication skills. He knows how to effectively communicate. He is really outgoing and takes the initiative to get thing done. Alex, knows how to work in a team environment an work collaborative to get things done. Alex has great character and

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Learning more about all of the resources on campus so he can become more knowledgeable 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Alex would be equally success working both first-years and upperclass students. He himself being a 2nd semester freshman here has done an amazing job adjusting and learning the ropes of Tech. Alex works well with all personalities: extroverted or introverted. Alex has displayed the ability to connect and  engage with all types of personalities in his work environment . 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think that Alex would make an amazing SSM. He is reliable, personable, mature, easy to get along with, has great communication skills. He has great time management skills, very organized, knows how to prioritize. Alex has good leadership skills, good ethics, and hard working. Alex is proactive and able to engage in conversation with diverse individuals, and knows how to handle and address conflict.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Alex is very dependable, prompt, and has great customer service skills. He make a great SSM.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Alex has a positive attitude and outlook on life. He get along with everyone and is honest and had great integrity. Alex knows how to take accountability and responsibility for his actions. 
