
Date Submitted
1 10 2016  10:34:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Alex Link

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Clancy Provence

Your Position and or Title:
NAN 4th Floor RA

Your Email Address:
cprovence3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Peer

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have gotten to know Alex as a close peer and have worked with her on an executive team for a campus organization in the past, and I can say without a doubt that she is a person who leads by example and follows-through on her promises. For the past four years I’ve interacted with Alex on almost a daily basis and I’ve seen her continually engage, and positively impact others while simultaneoulsy challenging herself with school involvement and academics. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Her experience as a Dance Marathon Moral leader and Alpha Chi Greek Week Chair (Leading her team to an overall win) demonstrate her ability to motivate students to participate and get involved, as an RA would with hall programs. As the VP of Facility Operations for her sorority, Alex was in charge of a house of 34 residents, coordinating the housing facility’s maintenance and ensuring resident safety by having practice fire drills and reviewing the security system procedures.   Alex also possesses great creativity in her problem solving, she continually approaches situations from different angles to find the most effective way of solving it. During her time as VP of Housing Operations it was mandated that residents assist in cleaning the facility. Alex created a system to minimize cleaning time, grouped residents together so they would stay engaged, and played music and had snacks during the event making it more of a social event than a chore. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Alex's areas of development for an SSM position could include that she has not lived on campus for the past year so she would need to familiarize herself with GT housing layouts again.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Alex would work well with all ages, she has friends in a wide variety of age groups. As a CS major I have seen her do a lot of group work and she works well with outgoing personalities as well as with those who are more quiet. I believe she would be most successful as an RA as she will be a 5th year next year. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Alex Link would be an asset to any SSM staff she is on. I have had the pleasure of knowing her personally and professionally working on an Executive board with her. She is reliable, thoughtful, fun, and creative. She knows how to motivate people, she follows through on her promises and she has a positive attitude. I could not recommend her more. I would feel comfortable calling her for back-up in any situation, I have seen her remain cool in stressful situations and comfort people during emotional crisis. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I have no concerns, I would comment that it was really difficult for me to think of areas of improvement because I think she would be an excellent candidate. 
