
Date Submitted
1 1 2016  9:25:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Allan Serna

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
David Allen

Your Position and or Title:
School Teacher and Soccer Coach

Your Email Address:
david.allen@mnps.org

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was Allan's History teacher when he was in Middle School and his High School Soccer coach. I have known Allan for Six years

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Allan is very friendly and approachable. He has a long history of working well with people of a variety of backgrounds. He would be able to work collaboratively with the other Georgia Tech student leaders. He is very enthusiastic and of high moral character. He is a calm and intelligent young man who could help the student residents get situated at the college.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Allan would gain much by participating in the SSM program. In all the aforementioned requirements, I believe that Allan can excel. In terms of an area that I may feel that Allan can develop more in, I would choose conflict mediation simply because he would not willingly engage in conflict. However, I believe that he could do a great job in helping people resolve their problems. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I cannot foresee any type of students that Allan would have trouble working with. Allan grew up in a very racially diverse, lower income neighborhood in Tennessee. However, his high school had many upperclass students. Allan made friendships with all types of students, conflicting with none.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I firmly believe that Allan will make an excellent SSM. He would benefit greatly from this program as it would allow him to continue to develop as a leader. Furthermore, he would provide a great example to the Georgia Tech students of what a successful student can be.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Allan was a great soccer player for my soccer team. He excelled on the field but as important he showed remarkable dedication to the team. Our school did not have a soccer field on site and thus all interested players had to find their own transportation to and from games and practices. Allan's parents were not able to provide him with a ride. Allan would ride Nashville's inadequate bus system home from practices regularly, often these rides and walks would take hours. He never once complained about his hardship, using the time to work on his studies. He is a very admirable figure and one whom will make Georgia Tech proud.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Willing to speak via phone or email with more information about Allan. He is a fine young man and I believe that he would be an excellent participant in the program.
