
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  4:08:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Aman Aggarwal

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Danish Dharani

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader (Glenn)

Your Email Address:
ddharani3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Aman has been my resident since the beginning of Fall 2015. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Aman is an extremely strong team player and is always willing to lend a helping hand. Aman treats everyone as a friend but still realizes the difference between having fun and getting things done.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
He always likes to be active and be doing things at all times. He can definitely improve on this habit since sometimes you need to calm down, have a more focused approach but he has definitely calmed down since coming to Tech. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
First-years would be my opinion. Aman has a lot of energy and is always willing to accommodate new people in activities. As a student who is out of state, he reinvented himself this past semester (according to him) and I know he could help others in that regard since he has an optimistic outlook on things. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, Aman would make a great SSM because he understands a lot about working with staff members and first year students. Along with that, he understands the administrative sides as well the importance of the position. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
None that I can think of as of now. 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
