
Date Submitted
12 19 2015  10:56:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Amanda Bernardy

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Megen Wittling

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader for Brown Smith Harris

Your Email Address:
mwittling3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Amanda is one of the residents in Brown where I am a Peer Leader who I have gotten to know well this year as she is very involved in Hall Council and activities I have put on.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Amanda is a great leader. She has shown a lot of leadership potential in her actions this semester as she comes to every Hall Council with a lot of new ideas and is great at communicating with others. She is very excited to apply for this position as well and would be very excited if given the job. In addition, Amanda would relate well with residents and is already a large part of the community on her hall and in Georgia Tech. She was also on the intramural volleyball team for our residence hall of Brown Smith Harris, and she takes part in a lot of hall activities. In addition, she has leadership and event planning experience. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
experience in dealing with emergency situations

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I feel she would be very successful with freshmen as a Peer Leader as she has a lot of great event ideas and is really great at being part of the community within her freshman hall now. She works well with multiple types of personalities and gets along with everyone as well. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes I do. Amanda is very personable and would be a good leader and candidate for the position. She is already very involved within our community in BSH and has expressed a lot of interest in the position. She is someone I feel could do a good job of building a good community and would work hard in the position. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
