
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  9:17:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Amina Muhammad

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Caroline Wesson

Your Position and or Title:
RA

Your Email Address:
cwesson3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
She has been a resident on my floor since August 2015.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
She is very caring, attentive, organized, and level-headed. Amina is very genuine in her interactions with others, really showing them that she cares when they are speaking or interacting with her. This is essential for a PL because it makes them approachable and they take every interaction with residents very seriously. Additionally she is passionate and caring for others, offering help and assistance to anyone that reaches out to her. I believe that these personal skills and personality traits will make her a very strong PL or RA.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Amina should work more towards balancing stress in an effective way. This being said she is very open to trying new stress management techniques and I believe that the SSM role could help her learn to do this though professional and personal development training. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe she has the energy, talent, personality, and creativity to work best with first-year students but would excel in any position.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. I think Amina's personality is one that will lead her to excel as an SSM. The level of caring she has in interactions with her friends is something that she can role model to her community and make a home away for home for her residents.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Amina is very interested in areas of social change and diversity. She keeps up with changes in society and she cares about educating others in an inclusive way. I think this will help her program learning outcome programs, and educate her residents well.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
