
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  5:30:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Amulya Kanchibhatla

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Rani Tilva

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
ranitilva@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
n a

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known this candidate for about 5 months when she became my resident. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Amulya's strengths include enthusiasm and bubbly personality. Amulya is the type of person that instantly brightens a room. She actively tries to get to know all of her hall mates, even into the second semester. She is also dedicated to any task that she puts her mind to, such as FSLO. She has proved that she can work well with teams and is able to interact with diverse people. She is also curious, which is great for an SSM, because she will build a bank of knowledge that she can pass onto her residents.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
This candidate can improve on dealing with conflict. I have yet to see her really struggle with people, whether that is because she is a person that is very easy to get along with or just because she hasn't encountered any tough situations that require much mediation. I think that she could improve on her hard mediation skills. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This candidate would be most successful with first-years. She would work best with people that are extroverted, self-motivated, and looking to get involved on campus. She would not work well with people that are more shy or hesitant to try to new things or become involved. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that this candidate would make a good SSM because she brings life to any community. Her enthusiasm and open heart makes here easy to get along with and build a relationship with. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Amulya is a very versatile person and able to adjust to a variety of situations, making her an excellent candidate.  
