
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  11:50:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Amy McGaughey

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amira Abadir

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
aabadir3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been Amy's PL since August 2015. I've known her for approximately 5 months.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Amy is extremely passionate, and is willing to go above and beyond for things she's passionate about. I feel like she has boundless energy to contribute to the job.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Amy sometimes has a tendency to become very emotional, and I think she will have to improve in this area in order to deal with potential stressful situations you might encounter as an SSM.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I feel like Amy would work very well with freshmen. She is very good with people similar to herself (slightly introverted, nerdy interests, etc.)

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I am slightly apprehensive about recommending her. Her emotional issues could become an issue, but I think ultimately the job would be a good fit for her.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
She is a total sweetheart, and I feel like if you don't think she's ready for the job this year she could soon grow into someone who is.
