
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  9:14:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Anant Girdhar

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jouni Peppanen

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Advisor

Your Email Address:
jouni.peppanen@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I know Anant Girdhar as his resident advisor since the beginning of fall semester 2015. I have also been in the same TAH   GLC intramural flag football and soccer team with Anant.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Anant has several qualifications that in my mind would allow him to succeed as an RA. I elaborate these qualifications as follows. First of all, I think that Anant is very easily approachable person making it easy for him to build personal relationships with other people. In all my events, Anant has always been interested in making meaningful connections with the other residents. I also think that Anant is also highly empathetic person and would truly care for the well-being of the residents in his area. Second, I think that Anant really enjoys the resident life and would contribute to it. Anant has actively participated in all the events that I have organized often being the first one to arrive and the last one to leave. In several of my events, Anant has even volunteered to help out preparing and serving food, etc. sometimes spending considerably amount of his free time. Anant has also been a core member of the Tenth & Home and GLC flag football and soccer teams by taking part to all the training sessions and games. With other residents, Anant even made a bill for the Hall Council to get funds for an after game meal for our intramural team. Based on my knowledge on Anant’s background, he has not only been extremely successful in academics but also has shown leadership in a large variety of extracurricular activities. Because of this, I think that Anant would make a great role model for the residents in his area. I also believe that Anant would actively encourage his residents to both succeed in academics and pursue extracurricular activities. Based on these and other qualifications of Anant, I am confident that he would make an excellent RA, a supportive member of his RA team, and a reliable asset to his Hall Director.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think that Anant could learn a great deal from the RA position but I am not aware of any specific areas that he would need to develop in order to succeed as an RA.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think that Anant would be the most successful RA with graduate students (Tenth & Home or GLC) since he is a graduate student himself. However, due to his great interpersonal skills and age, I am sure that Anant do excellent job with any group of residents, too.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
Definitely. Please see my detailed answer for question 9.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Please see my detailed answer for question 9.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Please see my detailed answer for question 9.
