
Date Submitted
1 10 2016  11:11:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ananth Somasundaram

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Varun Yarabarla

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Advisor for Center Street Apartments

Your Email Address:
v.yarabarla@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
He was my head liaison for the A-Town Showdown Dance Competition

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known him for almost 4 years now. We were on the club tennis team together. I was also a liaison for the ATS Dance Competition and he was head liaison so I reported to him. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ananth is a very social person who shows a lot of empathy towards others. He is one of the most caring people that I know. He always puts others before him and gives his 110% no matter what task he is assigned. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Ananth is outgoing and social but sometimes needs guidance with leadership structure. He hasn't been involved in too many leadership roles to my knowledge. However, he has excelled at everything I have seen him do and do not doubt his ability to do so in such a leadership role. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would be mostly good with upper-class residents. From the moment I have met him, Ananth was the most heartfelt and cherishing person I have known. He is always looking for ways to drop what he is doing just so he can reach out and help others. He has done this on countless occasions for my friends and I. He has experience with a lot of the things that RAs already do from professional development to maintaining a healthy environment for upperclassmen to truly succeed. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I truly believe that Ananth will make for a fantastic SSM biased on all my experiences. He has knowledge of all the resources on campus and is really able to break down various scenarios in his community. Not only I, but any of his friends can vouch for how great of a help Ananth is to us. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He would be a terrific applicant that deserves to spread his service to others in the housing department. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Besides leadership, Ananth is a truly wonderful individual whom I have no qualms about. I have no doubt that he will exceed the expectations that any HD has of their SSM. 
