
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  8:22:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Andrew Kresses

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Lucas Maurer

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
lmaurer9@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Andrew since the beginning of the Fall 2015 Semester. Andrew is one of my residents whom I speak to and interact with everyday.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Andrew is very comfortable with who he is and wants to be. He is very forward with others and is great at easing a tense situation. His openness and desire to help others allows him to excel and grow constantly. Saying this, Andrew works well with others and is often found leading and facilitating groups throughout campus.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As an SSM Andrew will have to keep on working on his time management skills. While they have improved dramatically within the past semester, he will have to continue advancing them, learning how to prioritize and adjust to multiple commitments.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I feel Andrew would work best with first-year residents. His ability to socialize and lead conversations would really allow first-year residents to feel at home and safe. He would work best with residents that are open-minded and accepting of others. I feel that he would work least well with residents who do not want to contribute to the floor or who are not accepting of others.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Andrew would make an excellent SSM. His ability to socialize and consistently meet his set goals would set a great example for future residents, allowing them to follow by example. As well, his openness would allow deep conversations to develop fast, allowing for residents to form tighter and better bonds.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Average

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Average

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
