
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  10:55:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Andres Marcuse Gonzalez

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Wade Malone

Your Position and or Title:
Partner Nelson Mullins Law Firm

Your Email Address:
wade.malone@nelsonmullins.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Andres for six years.  Andres  was a three time Intern in an Intern Program I help supervise and  coordinate (2010-2012).  We have had over 550 Interns in the program in the history of the  23 year program. Andres is in the top 5 of all of the Interns we have had.  Not top 5 %. Top 5 period.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Andres embodies what a great leader should be.  He is organized, accountable, prepared, compassionate and dynamic.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I am not sure I fully understand this question but I would say like all young people he just needs experience of all types.  Such experience comes with years.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
All types.  Andres is liked and respected by all.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do not mean to be cute here.  I think Andres will be excellent at anything he puts his mind to doing. So, yes, I think he will be an outstanding SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I am a huge fan of Andres.  I think he is going to have a life of great meaning.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
If given the opportunity, Andres will do a fabulous job.
