
Date Submitted
11 30 2015  1:14:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Andrea Martinez

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Colton Chastine

Your Position and or Title:
Fellow Student Peer

Your Email Address:
cchastine3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Fellow Tech Student

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Andrea for one year and have worked with her in several classes and Labs. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Andrea is very personable and approachable. She is an excellent person to ask questions to because if she doesn't know the answer she will find and ask someone who does. She is very capable of handling responsibilities and ensuring that tasks are completed well and on time. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
The only concern I might have is time commitment because Andrea is already involved with many clubs on Tech's campus including some she manages herself. But if she feels up for the task of taking on more responsibility I'm sure she can handle it.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Andrea would do an excellent job working with first-year students and underclassmen. She has a varied background being out of state but also having been born in a different country. She is great at connecting with people and getting to know them. And her involvement with multiple clubs on campus givers her great opportunities to get other students interested in clubs and groups. I have never known Andrea to not be able to befriend someone so she would work well with just about any students. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Andrea would make a wonderful SSM. Her personality is bright and very friendly. She enjoys connecting with people and she is a very capable planner and event manager. I believe she would be a very approachable and responsible ssm for any all students she is in charge of. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Andrea was born and lived in Venezuela for many years before moving to Florida for high school, and she also is currently completing a semester abroad in Spain. She has a varied and experienced background which gives her many opportunities to relate and connect with other students. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I truly believe that Andrea is by and far the most applicable and ideal candidate to become an SSM. I thoroughly believe that she exemplifies every quality that makes an SSM successful. 
