
Date Submitted
1 10 2016  1:18:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Andrew Lippens

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Wylie Brown

Your Position and or Title:
Eng. teacher Gifted Coordinator

Your Email Address:
wylie.brown@cobbk12.org

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
High school English teacher

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I taught Mr. Lippens in Honors World Literature during his sophomore year.  I also know the family fairly well.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Mr. Lippens is intelligent, disciplined, and hard working.  If he has a job to do, it will get done.  If someone else has a job to do, he will help them do it.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Because he is so demanding of himself, he sometimes does not realize that everyone does not always feel the same way.  That should not be a problem at a school like Georgia Tech.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would work well with intelligent students who wanted some help.  He would not work well with peers who wanted to party all the time.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do, but I think he would work better with slightly younger students.  The smart kids at Lassiter respected Mr. Lippens, but I am sure the popular jocks thought he was a nerd who studied all the time and never partied.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Andrew's father was a high school football coach, and Andrew is much the same way.  He believes in working hard and following the rules.  I am also sure that he believes in punishing those who don't.  If I had a son going to Georgia Tech, I would like having someone like Andrew watching over him

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I trust this young man completely.  I think others will feel the same way.
