
Date Submitted
1 8 2016  11:54:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Anhinav Sundaresan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Marc Cohen

Your Position and or Title:
School board director Bensalem high in Pennsylvania

Your Email Address:
Coh2m@aol.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Rotary interact director

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
3 years Abhinav was treasure of community service club at Bensalem high school and  and then he became president. He helped raising money for Rotary!

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
He is hard working. Has experience in helping people and is always punctual. He helped our rotary club at all times.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
He's a great team player.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think that  he can work with all students. He's a total team player. And can adapt to any environment.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
He  would be an excellent candidate. He has great experience in these types of endeavors. he was an excellent member of Bensalem high school community service club. Being the treasurer and the president he knows how to get things done.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
 He was also instrumental in raising money last year for advocates for the homeless in lower Bucks County Pennsylvania. We raised all the money for the paper plates to feed the homeless for this year.
