
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  5:45:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ann Notarangelo

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amrutha Mylarapu

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
amylarapu3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I am this applicant's PL for the 2015-2016 academic year and I have known this applicant since August of 2015. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
This applicant's strengths as a potential SSM are that she is very caring and is known around the floor to be a girl that can help with any issue. She is approachable and is a resident that takes time to meet other girls on the floor and make them feel comfortable. She also seems to collaborate between various friend groups and meet others around the floor. This potential SSM is also very vigilant about coming to events that my Co-PL and I plan. I see her attend these events and meet the learning goal. I can always count on her to be present and well spoken.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Areas that this applicant could develop in is her involvement outside of the dorms. From my knowledge, this applicant is not very involved in other organizations and that could be difficult if she cannot be a resource to all of the future residents. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This candidate would be good for mostly upperclassmen. She is calm and has a mature personality. I think she would work better with upperclassmen.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe that this candidate would make a good SSM because she is very focused on making a community. She works hard to make sure that everyone on the floor is happy.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Average

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
