
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  8:52:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Annika Clawson

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Francesca Lidback

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
francescalid@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Annika has been a resident on my hall during the Fall 2015 semester and is still a resident during this Spring 2016 semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Annika has many strengths. I have seen her interact not only with those on our hall, but also with those on other floors and other communities. She is a natural leader who is caring and truly looks to find the best in people. She would make an excellent PL for a multitude of reasons but especially because she truly cares for those around her. She seeks to make sure everyone feels included and strives to help everyone find their own successes. She truly pushes those she spends time with - including myself - to be a better person and to have confidence in who they are.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think Annika's biggest weakness is that she is on the quiet side. However, she overcomes this in that she is not shy. She is always willing to step up to the plate and be a leader. Her quietness is usually just more so because she is listening and paying attention to what is going on around her. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I truly believe that Annika could work well with anyone on this campus. However, I think she would be best paired with first-years. I think she would be least compatible with the students in I-House but could still prove successful there.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Annika would (and hopefully will) make an incredible PL. She is amazing in all that she does but mostly in the way that she cares for those around her. She seeks out other people's strengths and uses those to make them more successful. She is great at time management, extremely driven, and also, involved on campus and would be able to guide other first-years in finding their own place at GT. Lastly, she is an out of state student which will enable her to relate to students who are nervous or home-sick while at Georgia Tech. All in all, Annika is absolutely deserving of this position and truly would excel at this position.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Annika is one of the most qualified people to be a PL. It would be a loss to our housing communities to not have her on staff.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None, other than you should hire her! 
