
Date Submitted
12 15 2015  3:52:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Antra Das

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Soham (Ronak) Mukhopadhyay

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
soham6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Close Friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
5 years

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Antra is incredibly observant, perceptive, and caring. All of these traits are invaluable to the position, as she can identify residents that are having a tough time and will be willing to do her best in order to help them. Additionally, she is very involved on campus, such that she can help her residents find their niche on campus. Antra has worked in similar roles in the past, at Kumon, where she integrated students into a small learning community and tutored them in areas that they struggled in.  Furthermore, Antra is very easy to talk to, with a broad set of interests. This allows her to establish common ground with many individuals, which is a very underestimated skill in building relationships. She is also very easygoing and loyal, which makes her easy to like and encourages people in getting to know her.  As a member of staff, Antra is experiencing in working in a team setting as both a leader and organizer. Her numerous roles on campus and throughout her life have given her the necessary experience in organizing and leading events. She is an active member in the clubs and organizations that interest her (AMSA, Red Cross) and has received honors that distinguish her for going above and beyond what the casual member contributes.  Also, Antra is very active in many communities, such as her own floor, her friend group, and her sorority. She is culturally diverse, and very tolerant of different cultures and beliefs. She has a strong support network that she put much effort into building, and she recognizes the importance of community in one’s life, particularly in new students coming from all walks of life.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Antra could make the most of the student staff member role as her already impressive communication, leadership, and organization skills would be exercised further. She actively seeks out more responsibility, as indicated by her resume, for example, in her positions as student body president and orchestra leadership council in high school, and her position and the MOVE Medical Committee Chief Event Officer. Constant interactions with residents absolutely would give her practice in building, maintaining, and mending relationships. Importantly, Antra desires to make a difference with her life as a doctor, also serving in the Peace Corps. Doctors must build relationships with patients as quickly as possible in order to put them at ease; the position as a student staff member would definitely prime her for this role in the feature, as emergencies and bumps in relationships occur. Antra has much to contribute and much to benefit in her own development as a student staff member. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I have no doubt that Antra would work extremely well with any type of resident as a result of her broad involvement in various activities throughout her life. As she is very mature for her age, I would trust her understanding the attitudes of older residents and could see her working very well with older students as a Residential Advisor.  However, due to her involvement on campus and friendly, easygoing, but perceptive personality, Antra would make an excellent Peer Leader for first- year students. She would serve as an excellent resource and help residents get accustomed and involved in their floor community, and around campus in order to find organizations and clubs that they would be interested in. Her qualities that would make her a great Peer Leader are discussed in the first question.  Due to her active listening skills, Antra works well with all personalities as she can both contribute to a conversation and focus as an active listener. I feel that she works better with slightly more open and enthusiastic personalities that are common among first years, rather than the slightly more reserved attitudes that upperclass students often possess.  

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Undoubtedly, Antra has all the qualities to make an excellent SSM. But most importantly, Antra has the desire to help others and make a difference in others’ lives. From her involvement, this is apparent because of her contributions in service clubs and events such as blood drives. This attitude of giving back is fundamental and a prerequisite to being a good Student Staff Member, and few possess this quality as strongly as Antra does. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Antra has a very interesting blend of introverted  extroverted qualities that allow her to connect and have strong relationships with people with a diverse set of personalities. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Antra is very cultured, as she grew up with a  different cultural background and is active in it (dance, language, etc). She also has traveled around the world extensively and has an appreciation for all cultures, in addition to speaking Spanish. 
