
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  9:32:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Arsene Lapka

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Chris Thoompson

Your Position and or Title:
CEISMC @ GT Assoc. Dir.

Your Email Address:
chris.thompson@ceismc.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
3 years as a student of summer programs and an assistant instructor in later years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Friendly, helpful, approachable, patient, compassionate, and collaborative. Arsene excels as a leader that younger students listen to and look up to.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Arsene's only area of development might be in the areas of planning and scheduling. Like most undergraduates he is very busy already. Overall, he is an excellent candidate.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
First years. I have only observed him working with younger or peers.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. Arsene has my highest recommendation for this position.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Arsene was also an Eagle Scout which is an additional testament to his leadership abilities.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
He would make an excellent Peer Leader in my opinion.
