
Date Submitted
12 20 2015  2:50:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Arshia (Cherie) Rajan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Karen Mueller

Your Position and or Title:
Business Owner

Your Email Address:
muellerkarenm@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Girl Scout Leader

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have know the applicant the applicant for about 8 years. I was her Girl Scout Leader in middle school and high school. She earned the prestigious Gold Award. Only 5% of eligible scouts earn this award.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
She is a leader and is very dedicated to all she sets out to accomplish. She has good communication skills. She is a great at multi-tasking. ,

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
She works very well with peers and groups she leads. She is organized and is an inspiration to all who meet or work with her. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I have witnessed her working with people younger, her age, and older. She was equally successful with all of them. I think she could work with any personality type. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I think she is extremely responsible and someone I would be proud to recommend to be a SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Cherie would be a wonderful addition to your team. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I highly recommend Cherie for the SSM. She would be a very good addition to your team. 
