
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  10:13:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ashok Vallamattam

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
James Collin Garnett

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader, Smith Hall

Your Email Address:
jgarnett7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have served as Ashok’s Peer Leader for the duration of one semester, with intent to continue for the remainder of the year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ashok loves to spend time with other residents on his floor and in the residence hall as a whole.  He is more than friendly and approachable, tending to be gregarious and socially proactive when interacting with those in the community around him.  I have witnessed many occasions in which Ashok has invited other residents to go eat, study, or workout together.  Outside of the residence hall, I know that Ashok participates in multiple clubs and organizations (i.e. the swim team), which I see as an indication of his willingness to become involved across a wider spectrum in the community.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think that Ashok definitely needs to attain a better grasp on the concept of active listening.  His tendencies to be socially outgoing will occasionally backfire, dejecting the individuals he is talking to.   This could potentially be turned around, and there is no doubt in my mind that further refinement in this area would develop the candidate into a model SSM.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Ashok is definitely cut out to work with first-years.  He would be a perfect fit for the Freshman Experience, and I am confident that Ashok would be able to successfully lead his residents in an enthusiastic and enriching manner.  The candidate is largely compatible with other socially gregarious individuals, which serves as the basis for my Freshman Experience recommendation.  Ashok would be able to help incoming first-years branch out in a way that would be lost on already established upperclassmen. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I can honestly say that Ashok would make an excellent SSM.  he is compassionate, outgoing, and ready to help at the drop of a hat.  Given his strong academic performance this past semester and continued involvement in extracurriculars, I believe that he would have no issues transitioning into the position.  Furthermore, were Ashok hired as an SSM, he would be able to provide a residential experience that meets the high standards held by GT Housing.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
There are no significant concerns to note here, other than the fact that Ashok is an excellent candidate for an SSM position, and given the time and training, he would no doubt flourish as a leader.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
As I mentioned on the previous page, Ashok is a great candidate, and any potential concerns would be more than taken care of via training.
