
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  7:27:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Austin Passmore

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jonathan Wiley

Your Position and or Title:
Social Studies Teacher & Dept. Chair, Tennis Coach, Chestatee High School

Your Email Address:
jonathan.wiley@hallco.org

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Former teacher and coach

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was Austin's varsity tennis coach for 3 years, and I taught him in AP Microeconomics his senior year of HS.  

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Last year, Austin was deeply involved in numerous activities and sports, in addition to carrying a tremendous academic load.  And he carried out all his studies and duties fully and somehow balanced.  He maintained superior scores in his coursework and an active social life.  He is self-disciplined, friendly, approachable, fun, and brilliant.  I also found, in my experience with him, that his multicultural background helped him relate to a diverse population.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
There are none that come to mind.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Probably mostly first-years, as Austin served as a leader and mentor to his classmates and underclassmen while in high school.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely.  He fits your description above to a T.  I recommend him with no reservations nor hesitation.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Please let me know if there is anything more I can do to assist you or Austin in this process. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
none
