
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  12:03:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Austin Cale

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Ariana Olalde

Your Position and or Title:
FE West Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
aolalde3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Resident upstairs from me

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known him for 2 semesters (including this one)

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Austin is one of the most genuine and kind-hearted people I have ever met. As a potential SSM his dedication and affection for his potential residents would be beneficial for providing a safe and welcoming environment. As well, his work ethic is great.  I have full confidence that he will go above and beyond to complete what is asked of him and will not hesitate to ask for help from his peers is necessary. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As a potential SSM, not having more than  a year's experience on campus would make it a bit difficult to acclimate to the SSM position while still figuring out academic vs. job balance. In addition to that, without much time under his belt, it would be a bit difficult to be a thorough resource for residents with necessary, however, if need be, I am positive he would be quick to learn the necessary info for the position. I would also say that he would need to develop a stronger leadership presence, but the SSM position does a great job of helping students develop those skills. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that given his age and interests as well as ability to create friendships, Austin would be most successful with first-years. First years, needing an open, and positive influence in order to flourish and Austin can provide just that. In terms of not working well with, Austin is a very social and outgoing person, so he has difficulty connecting with very quiet and shy individuals. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Austin would make a fantastic SSM. Despite his age, he has proven to me and those around him in our residence hall, that he cares. As an SSM, his caring and levelheadedness are beneficial traits in order to facilitate success in this position. Becoming a SSM, would also benefit him more as a leader looking into the future. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Austin has interest in pursuing more involvement in housing. This year, he focused mainly on his academics this semester, but overseeing hall councils and exploring additional ways that residents can get involved with their own residents halls is definitely something he sees himself doing. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
After living and interacting with Austin within our resident hall I have full confidence in him and his ability to fulfill the requirements for this position. 
