
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  3:18:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Avery Riddle

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Niya Perry

Your Position and or Title:
Sr. Propulsion Engineer

Your Email Address:
niyanti.perry@delta.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Avery was an engineering co-op student at Delta Air Lines. I worked with her for 2 semesters.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Avery is a very kind person. She genuinely cares about people and is very empathetic. This is crucial in a good RA PL.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Avery is a quiet person that might not be great at confrontation. However, I definitely believe that she has the strength to be a great PL RA and this would be a phenominal way for her to strengthen these weaknesses.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Avery would do the best as a PL because she is very nurturing which is what incoming freshman would need.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I do believe that Avery would be a great addition as a student staff member. She has a kind heart and is very smart. She is very active in her sorority and works well with others. She has the potential to be a great leader.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I was both a PL and an RA when I was a student at Georgia Tech and I do believe that she would exemplify the qualities that staff members have as leaders on campus.

Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Average

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Avery is a great candidate.
