
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  6:26:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Awnish Choudhary

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Brian Robins

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader (Towers-Hanson)

Your Email Address:
brobins3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have only known Awnish for the past semester as a resident on my hall.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
I think Awnish is very caring when it comes to other people and can be empathetic to help them feel better. I also think Awnish is very relatable and humorous (in good taste) which would help his residents feel connected to him. I think he would very easily be able to have a good connection with his residents 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think Awnish could develop working in a group. He is very on top of his game as a student and he gets along well with others, but I think the SSM position would help him get better at working in a team environment. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Awnish would be good with first years and upperclassmen equally. He would be outgoing enough to work within both settings. For most people applying to the job, they would be good at one or the other, but I think he would be great with both types of communities. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Awnish would be a good SSM. He can definitely relate to other people very easily and I think this is essential to working in housing. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
My only comment is that I think Awnish would be a good candidate.
