
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  3:08:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ayan Dasgupta

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Chris Lung

Your Position and or Title:
Field 3 PL

Your Email Address:
Chrislung8@yahoo.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Ayan is a resident on the floor above me. Her frequently comes down to my floor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known him for 1 year. I see him multiple times a week

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ayan is very social and mature. He will help freshmen get adjusted to Tech life and is a very good conversationalist. He is someone who know a lot and someone who I would want to mentor my little brother

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I'm not too sure what else Ayan is involved in outside of housing besides Greek Life and a FLO. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
First year because he is social and likes to meet new people. He is someone who would actively plan events and community builders. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. He is social, mature, and responsible. He is someone who hangs around in the hall a lot and someone who I would want in my staff

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
