
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  9:25:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Belen Gonzalez

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Christopher Schenck

Your Position and or Title:
RA Woodruff South 2nd Floor

Your Email Address:
cschenck7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Belen is one of my residents, so I have known her since the beginning of the fall 2015 semester.  I have gotten to know Belen through conversations with her on the floor.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Belen is a very friendly, sociable person.  In talking with her about the SSM position, she emphasized how she would emphasize creating community as an SSM, which I think aligns well with the SSM role.  She would be able to develop strong relationships with her residents. Belen has also demonstrated consiousness of diversity through her participation in SHPE.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Although Belen is passionate about the role, and I believe she would be well-liked by her residents, I believe Belen would have to learn more about how to be a leader on the floor and not just a friend to the residents.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Belen would work well with first-year and upperclass students.  Because Belen is very outgoing, I think she works well with people who can match her energy.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Belen is serious about wanting the position.  She has the passion and the sociability to be successful as an SSM, but would have to learn to develop the leadership and mentorship components of the role, or work with someone who compliments her in that way.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Average

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None.
