
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  4:32:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Benjamin Loewe

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Paul Goldbart

Your Position and or Title:
Dean, College of Sciences

Your Email Address:
paul.goldbart@cos.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Benjamin has been a graduate student working under my direct supervision for several years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Even among GT graduate students, Benjamin is unusually intelligent and organized. He is also mature and thoughtful, and is very much a self-starter. I am confident that he is deliberate and wise in his decision-making abilities, and that he would work sensitively and respectfully with others.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
He has a charming Chilean accent. His English is excellent and -- as someone with a foreign accent myself -- I wouldn't change a thing about his. But perhaps he might wish to.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would be successful with any rank of students but if I had to choose, I would say upper class undergraduates first, graduate students second, early career students third.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes! He has a cheerful personality and a good sense of humor. He is kind and thoughtful. He is mature and hardworking. He has a passion for college life. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
It's hard for me to imagine you'd find anyone more suitable!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Not only would I hire him, I have! I'm not sure I've ever had a brighter, warmer graduate student -- and many are now faculty members at top-notch universities.
