
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  8:42:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Blake Bunnell

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Matthew Daigle

Your Position and or Title:
PL HHC

Your Email Address:
Mdaigle6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant for approximately 10 months. I was contacted by the admissions office to assist in recruiting Blake to GT and then had a class with him this past semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Blake is extremely hard working, an excellent communicator, and has the enthusiasm needed to succeed as a student staff member. Frankly, Blake is the whole package. Not only is he diligent in his studies, but he works very well with others, of all ages. I feel confident that Blake would succeed as a SSM.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I have advised Blake to get more involved this year. This semester, he focused mostly on classes, to ensure academic success. He feels this semester he will have the opportunity to develop contacts and resources around campus as he works to get more involved in campus life.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Blake will work well with first-year students. I highly recommend him to be a PL, specifically on East Campus. Blake works well with all kinds of personalities, but works best with people who are as excited to be here as he is.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I know that Blake will make an excellent SSM. Having worked with him in class, I recognize that Blake has all of the qualities that I could hope for in a Co-PL, and I feel confident that he would serve GT Housing well.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
