
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  2:21:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Blake Pentland

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Akarsh Vinod

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
akarsh.vinod@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant for one semester as his Peer Leader.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Blake is very good at getting others to open up to him.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Blake is not always aware of greater issues going on in peoples' lives. He is not very good at recognizing where he should tone himself down and just listen to others. Blake can do better at trusting others' opinions and not sharing his own, because that can often be destructive in relationship building and community building.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would work best with upperclassmen students. Blake would do well to work with someone who is more tempered and empathetic to others.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do not think Blake would make a good SSM. Though he is good at initial interactions and is very friendly, I feel like he is not always socially aware of residents' feelings and can sometimes work to invalidate them and push residents away.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Below Average

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Poor

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
No

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N a
