
Date Submitted
1 16 2016  8:16:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Brandon Ah Chong

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Chris Lung

Your Position and or Title:
Field 3 Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
Chrislung8@yahoo.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
5 Years

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Brandon is very diligent and reliable. He is always on time and is someone who you can count on to get their job done right. He will put 100% into his work if he becomes a SSM

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Brandon does very well academically but isn't very familiar with Campus Greek life (something that can be developed). In my opinion, he would work as a good co-PL to a greek guy as he could better relate to the non greek residents. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe he works better with first years, he has as little brother that he actively watches over and mentors. I can see him doing the same with his residents.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, he has demonstrated the ability help his brother grow and mingle well with his friends at Tech. I believe these skills will transfer over to be a PL. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He is a great that would make a great PL

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No concerns what soever 
