
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  12:07:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Caroline Basch

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Skye Sheffield

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Advisor

Your Email Address:
ksheffield12@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Team Member

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have had the privilege of knowing Caroline since she joined my sorority in the Fall. I have served as my Chapter's Philanthropy Chair and the Colligate Panhellenic Council's Philanthropy Chair over the past two years. As a sister in my sorority, we have served on committees together. I have seen Caroline excel in these committees serving as a creative resource for these committees responsibilities. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Caroline's strengths in communication, leadership, integrity and approachability would make Caroline an exceptional SSM. Caroline would make an excellent counselor to residents and would maintain the strong integrity that is needed in such a position.  Caroline has a very strong heart. She is extremely approachable and as emerged as a strong leader through the time I have known her. She has been involved in service before her time at Georgia Tech, but through her time here Caroline has been involved in Alternative Spring Break, Circle of Sisterhood and Autism Speaks. Through her involvement in these service organizations she has further learned the process of planning events and the organizational skills needed for the SSM role.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Many first year students have not been given the chance to really get involved that many organizations by the end of their first semester. Caroline is no exception. She has taken this first semester as most first year students in my opinion should to really focus on getting acclimated to the Georgia Tech environment and classes. Caroline has maintained a high GPA of a 3.5 in her first semester at Georgia Tech and is now looking to get involved more deeply in our community. She has expressed deep interest in the role as a Student Staff Member and I firmly believe that she would be an excellent candidate for any staff. As most first years students Caroline will need to develop in her knowledge of resources on campus to further help her residents; however, I know she can easily learn this during SSSM training in the Fall and through her fellow SSMs as a resource.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Caroline would be perfect for working with mostly first year students.  I have seen Caroline work with several different personalities through my time knowing her and I can honestly say that she has the ability to work well with a large variety of personalities due to her strong interpersonal skills.  I believe that she works exceptionally well, however, with energetic, strong personalities. I believe that she could really bloom and reach her full potential through a large PL staff. I believe that a quiet, reserved personalities would not allow Caroline to reach her full potential. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
As a Residential Advisor for the past 3 years, I have been given the opportunity to work with several different types of staff members.I have seen the staff members that are able to easy connect with residents and I believe that Caroline will be one of these staff members. While being able to connect with residents is crucial, some staff members find it very difficult to balance school work with being a staff member. I firmly believe that Caroline will be able to be a strong staff member balancing school and her job. She also has the creative ability  to reach a diverse group of residents and the leadership skills to excel in maintaining the respect of student in her area. Caroline has a very strong integrity and I firmly believe that if placed in a difficult situation Caroline would follow SSM protocol and maintain the integrity of the job. I believe without hesitation that Caroline would make an excellent Student Staff Member to any staff. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
In my RA opinion, I believe Caroline would make a wonderful addition to the Housing Staff! 
