
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  9:57:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Cassandra Bleick

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Paul Lee

Your Position and or Title:
Former PLUS Leader

Your Email Address:
pauljlee920@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I've known the applicant for a semester in Fall 2015. I was her PLUS leader for MATH 1552. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
She's a friendly individual that can help other students whenever possible. Very approachable, and would love to dedicate herself to other people and help them out. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
She has a lot to learn to be more understanding when it comes to campus activities, but this is just because she is new. She is a quick learner with guidance.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe she would get along with first-year students. She is very approachable and friendly, and has this inexplicable 'motherly' vibe without getting too interfering. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Cassie would make a great candidate. She is a responsible adult who continuously strives to better herself and her community, and is a perfect fit for SSM.  Her friendly personality combined with her dedication and leadership-filled attitude will make her a great role model for other students. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I am not sure how much I'm supposed to write, so I kept it precise. If you'd like to ask more questions about her or need any clarifications, please do not hesitate to contact me. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I worked as a PLUS Leader for 3 years, and this is one of the best candidates I have seen at tech for SSM. 
