
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  8:05:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Catherine Johnson

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
J. Patrick Bardill

Your Position and or Title:
Academic Professional

Your Email Address:
patrick.bardill@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Catherine has been both my student and worked for me as a TA

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Catherine is extremely outgoing and a natural leader. As a student, she lead a group of 4 other students on a semester long project. As a TA she is welcoming and helps her students as best she can or refers them to the correct resources to find answers to the questions.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Catherine struggles a bit when she is in a group where she is not at least even in experience levels. She seems to lose a bit of confidence when faced with graduate students in our TA prep sessions. However, in the classroom she does well with students who are you her year and below.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Given her age, I think Catherine would work well with mostly first year students. She does well with people who are open and receptive and willing to listen. Student's who are more advanced in their studies may be less inclined to listen.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Catherine would be a phenomenal SSM. As I mentioned, her leadership skills in a peer group were exemplary. She is meticulous in her work as a TA which I believe would translate to following regulations and procedures well. Finally, she has a fun, happy personality that makes her instantly approachable. I recommend her most highly.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Highest recommendation

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Catherine would be a great addition to your program.
