
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  1:06:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Catherine Stephens

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Matthew Daigle

Your Position and or Title:
PL HHC

Your Email Address:
Mdaigle6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Catherine for 3 years, as a fellow officer in the Georgia Tech Chamber Choir.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Having worked with Catherine as an officer, I recognize that she has many strengths that will contribute to the student staff role. Her outstanding ability to organize and execute large events (full concerts) and to manage a choir of 40 will easily spill over into her role as a student staff member.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Catherine occasionally takes on too many responsibilities, when she could delegate them to others. Although she will complete the tasks at hand, she could often utilize resources around her to achieve the same end goal in a less stressful manner.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Catherine will work well with any level of students. She will work especially well with driven, freshman students, so I highly recommend her for any of the LLCs on campus.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I know that Catherine will make an excellent SSM. Not only does she work enthusiastically with others, but her dedication to her work ensures that she gives her all every time. I would proudly work alongside Catherine as an SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
During the Fall 2015 Semester, Catherine served as interim president of the GT Chamber Choir. During this period, the choir saw a large period of growth, both in membership and finance. I attribute a large portion of this to Catherine's leadership. Groups in which Catherine works have a tendency to succeed and grow beyond expectation.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Applying as a 3rd year, I think Catherine will serve as an excellent addition to any staff. I give her my highest recommendation.
