
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  1:28:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Chase Lewis

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
George Doyle

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
gdoyle7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Chase is my resident in Perry 1 and has been a part of this community since August 2015

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Communication skills are interdisciplinary, he has a calm personality and is organized, respectable, a great listener, and punctual

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
His ability to be an extrovert and introduce himself to people he doesnt know is really the only weakness I can see from him

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He is a very well-rounded individual who is sympathetic with all the residents on the floor.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, he has such a versatile personality that he is easy to adapt to other people's personality matches while also defining himself throughout these interactions. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
None.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Would highly recommend this applicant!
