
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  4:15:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Chermia Mathis

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Kristi Kirkland

Your Position and or Title:
Associate Researcher  GT1000 Instructor

Your Email Address:
kristi.kirkland@ti.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Chermia was a student in my GT1000 class in Fall of 2015. I have know her since August 2015.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Chermia's greatest strengths are her cheerful disposition, leadership qualities (she has a very high degree of initiative and motivation), her integrity, and willingness and desire to go above and beyond what is required. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Chermia is a very well-rounded, thoughtful individual. She quickly adapted  to life at Georgia Tech as an incoming Freshman and  seemed to balance school and social life well. She attended 100% of my classes and completed all work on time. I cannot think of any areas of development other than gaining more college experience as she spends more time at Tech! I believe that she would be an excellent resource to other students as her communication and social skills are outstanding.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
While I believe that Chermia would be successful working with most any type of residents (in class, she interacted easily with both students her own age as well as our upper-class team leaders), I believe that she would really excel working with younger, first-year students. She is out-going and warm and would make incoming students feel at ease. She worked well with all types of differing personalities and received high praise from her group project teammates on her peer evaluations.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Without a doubt, I believe that Chermia would make an excellent SSM and recommend her without hesitation. In class, she continually impressed me with her ability to interact well with other students, TLs, and guest speakers. She was a leader in group activities and it was apparent that other students respected and valued her participation and opinions. She always demonstrated cultural competence working well with a diverse group of students. I am sure that you will find her to be a highly motivated and committed student staff worker who has much to offer and will be a great asset to the Residence Life Department. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Chermia is  self-motivated and a natural leader. She has a quiet self-confidence about her that  puts others at ease and makes them feel comfortable around her. She also has prior experience as a student ambassador at her high school which should lend itself well to a student staff position. GT's Residence Life Department Will be lucky to have her!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I would hire her without reservation. I would love for her to come back and volunteer as a team leader for me in my GT1000 class in the future.
