
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  11:54:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Chhaya Arora

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Soham (Ronak) Mukhopadhyay

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
soham6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
Good Friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
year and a half.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Chhaya’s biggest strengths tailored to the SSM position are her extraordinary time management, personability, and enthusiasm. The SSM role is time consuming, and can be difficult to juggle with one’s academic and personal goals. Chhaya’s impressive resume is especially noteworthy as she juggles multiple executive and technical roles and intensive courses while commuting to campus every day. She connects well to people, and I have worked with her on countless group projects and assignments through which I have been impressed by her ability to include all members of the group in the conversation, and make them feel valued. She has the seldom seen ability to make group interactions seem like a personal conversation along with a group activity, seamlessly. She has experience in many roles that require her to organize events, which translates well to organizing creative events for her community and the area. Her ability in group settings makes her an ideal fit on every staff on campus, and her infectious enthusiasm would encourage turnout and community building on her floor, building, and community. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I believe Chhaya’s skillset is well tailored to serving as an SSM, and experience in the role will only improve her excellent communication, organization, and interaction skills. Her extensive experience in organizing events will serve her well in hosting and planning events for her area, and having the opportunity to do so through the role will develop this capacity further. She draws others into conversations and explores their passion in conversation, and training in reflective questioning and active listening would magnify this asset greatly. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
The candidate would be successful with both first-years and upperclass residents. The strengths listed above allow her to fit the needs of both populations. Both first years and upperclassmen would benefit from her extensive experience with campus involvement, advice regarding time management, and opportunities in organizations and classwork.  Chhaya’s enthusiasm would allow her to reach out to the most introverted and difficult residents, as her attitude would ensure that she would not give up in an attempt to incorporate said individual into the community. She would always be willing to interact with her residents and help them when needed. She works best with people with similar personalities as her, as she could incorporate their ideas in programs and events that appealed to everyone involved, rather than trying to come up with the best fit by herself. However, her diverse interests and her understanding of her residents’ personalities would allow her to reach out to all of her residents.  

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
I believe Chhaya would make an extremely successful SSM, particularly as a first year. She would be easy to reach out to and her friendly persona and infectious enthusiasm would enable her to create a fast, well- knit network that her residents would be able to fit into seamlessly. After the initial adapting to college life, her experience with campus involvement, time management skills, and academic strengths would allow her to give valuable advice and would serve as an excellent role model for her residents. On staff, her experience with group work would allow her to fit in and contribute without feeling uncomfortable, and within a few months she would become an incredible asset when it comes to administrative duties and event  program preparation. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
