
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  8:26:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Chikanma Okonkwo

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Kathleen Houseman

Your Position and or Title:
Regional Sales Director

Your Email Address:
kjhousem@aol.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
Small Group Church Leader

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was Chika's Small Group Leader at our Church Youth Group.  I have known Chicka for about 4 years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Chika is a leader and participated in Cobb County's leadership program.  She is well respected among her peers as well as adults.  She is courageous as well as resilient and most of all just a great person.  Those who know her LOVE her and those who don't, want to know her.  She has a contagious smile and is just fun to be around.  She is a great friend as well.  She is a very hard worker who in HS had to manage a job, school and varsity tennis.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Honestly, I haven't seen any weaknesses.  She is a hard charger, so maybe learning to slow down and get more sleep!?  She works very hard at all that she does so perhaps could work on incorporating more down time into her routine.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Chika would be someone who could interact and be successful with a lot of different type individuals.  I got to see Chika interact in our small group at church which consisted of 30 different girls, from different schools and backgrounds.  She is a good listener and often times, girls would share their problems, situations, and Chika relates well.  Chika experienced the death of her father at the beginning of her senior year so would also be able to relate to any students going through a tough situation that might occur while at school.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
I have known Chika throughout high school and into now her freshman year of college and watched her grow from a teenage girl into a mature young woman.  I’ve observed her in a full palette of human interactions.  She has served in a number of organizations in our community, school and church, but in particular her work within our small group at church.  While as a small group leader, I’ve spent time with countless impressive young people.  Like Chika, they are smart, hardworking, good students, and polite.  But what sets apart Chika is her heart.  Our small group consists of girls from different high schools, different interests and different degrees of faith.  Having her in our group, I am privileged to see her closely interact with the other girls in our group.  She truly is an asset and so great at listening, learning and sharing.  Chika gets along well with others whether it is with adults, her peers, and family. Most notable, has been the last year of Chika’s life.  Into her senior year, her father, who was her mentor, encourager and biggest cheerleader, passed suddenly.  Throughout the year, we stood by her, holding her up and just being there for her.  I cannot tell you how strong, vulnerable and resilient she was during this time.  She continued to fight on supporting her family, completing her magnet school program, participating on the Varsity tennis team, all while finalizing college plans and in the midst of grieving.  Never have I witnessed a more resilient and strong young woman.  I believe this hardship has prepared Chika for just about anything and given her more appreciation for life in general but also for overcoming hardships that come our way.        As Chika and our small group girls have developed and grown, it has been amazing to see them lead and mentor each other.  Others are drawn to her because she has such a warm personality and people are just comfortable around her.  Chika leads by example in every part of her life and has been a role model to many students and her peers and her family as well.  She has flourished in high school and has a heart for helping others. At a time when most teenagers are getting into all sorts of things, she has poured herself into being a strong part of her community and serving others at time when many teens would suffer.  You could not make a better choice for this scholarship!  You will receive in return a dedicated college student who will be an asset to any program she participates in.  I would be happy to talk to you about Chika in more detail.  Please feel free to give me a call at 770-241-6968.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
See #12

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Chika would make a great RA PL.  See #12
