
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  9:33:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Chris Pham

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Alexandra Vallas

Your Position and or Title:
Harris Resident Advisor

Your Email Address:
avallas3@gatech,edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Chris has been my resident for a semester. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Chris is super patient, very funny, and very easy to get along with. He's a fun person with a very optimistic and accepting outlook.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I can't think of anything off the top of my head.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think he would be good with upperclass students primarily. He works well with just about any kind of student that I have come across but could have some small trouble with particularly shy students.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I definitely think Chris would be a good SSM! He's got the right attitude and the right amount of experience to do a great job in the role.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Chris has been a CS 1371 TA for several semesters, which is very relevant experience.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
