
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  2:00:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Christopher Pubillones

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
William Higgins

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Adviser - North Ave South

Your Email Address:
higginsw17@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant for the past semester since he moved onto my floor.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
I think this applicant would be dedicated to the job. I think that he would be a good member to have as someone to help bond a staff on a more personal basis. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
This applicant needs to develop more in the communications portion of the position. I think that RA PL Training would benefit his communication skills and make him more successful

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think this candidate would be more successful with Upperclassmen. I think that he can bridge gaps about what they are interested and use that to bond a floor.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do. I think that he has been involved in a diverse set of organizations and would be a good addition to a staff.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No.

Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Average

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No other comments. Hire with reservations is how I feel about this applicant.
