
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  2:55:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Cici Zhang

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Darrell Hatfield

Your Position and or Title:
Senior Lead Electronic Hardware Engineer

Your Email Address:
darrell.hatfield@ge.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was Cici's mentor during her Summer 2015 internship at GE Intelligent Platforms.  I worked with Cici from the end of May 2015 through most of August 2015.  I was responsible for directing and mentoring Cici and other Electrical Engineering interns on various technical tasks.  Cici excelled on all her tasks and put forth extra effort to learn all she could.  She is a very dedicated individual and I am sure she would do well as a Resident Advisor.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Cici has a positive 'can do' attitude and she applies herself fully into any task assigned to her.  When working with her, I found her to consistently look for the simplest and best (not always the simplest) way of performing a particular task - she was not afraid of experimenting to identify the best approach.  And, she is very much open to constructive feedback; she takes it seriously and acts on it.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Experience with the subject matter.  Cici had little experience with many technical tasks we initially assigned to her.  However, she really applied herself and picked up the necessary skills faster than most interns we've had.  I am sure, if given the chance, Cici will quickly develop any required skill set needed of an SSM.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I expect Cici's positive attitude would work well with residents of all backgrounds.  Cici tends to work best with personalities similar to hers.  However, she is able to flex and make accommodations in her own personality to help interact with those who are different from her.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes - Cici is very much dedicated to any task assigned to her.  She has drive and integrity.  She always puts on a cheery face, even when presented with a difficult situation.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Cici is a very capable and dedicated individual.  I fully believe she can and will be successful at anything to which she applies herself.
