
Date Submitted
12 21 2015  10:33:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Claire Monsour

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amira Abadir

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
aabadir3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I am currently Claire's PL, and have known her since August (approx 5 months).

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Claire is a very sociable and kind person. She is a very easy person to love, and would be extremely good at making a resident feel at home and like they are able to talk to her. She is also very open and honest, and has an enthusiasm for life that is contagious.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Claire has a tendency to be a bit blunt. While this can be refreshing at times, she will have to do a little work on monitoring her speech in regards to working with residents or fellow SSMs.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Claire would work best with freshman. She is applying for an SSM as a freshman, and she will have recently gone through what they did. She works particularly well with other outgoing personalities. I feel that she might struggle a bit with more reserved individuals.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Claire would be a great SSM. I see a lot of characteristics in her that remind me of myself, and I have become sort of a mentor to her this year. Her enthusiasm for what I do as an SSM has greatly inspired her to give back, and that passion will definitely be a great asset.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Nope
