
Date Submitted
12 27 2015  6:32:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Claire Anderson

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Samantha Holloway

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader- Grand Challenges

Your Email Address:
sholloway7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known this applicant since August of 2015.  She is one of my residents and is also in a student organization (SCPC) with me.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Claire is one of the sweetest and most organized people I know.  She is loved by all of her peers and can get along with anyone.  She is the only girls on my floor that has taken the time to get to know everyone.  She is genuine and personable.  What really makes Claire stand out is that she pairs her winning personality with hard work.  If you give her a task, she will get it done, and complete it beyond your expectations.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
At first Claire seems somewhat quiet and shy.  Once you interact with her a couple of times, you then learn that she is quirky, funny, and very kind. I think this position will provide her with a great learning opportunity for being able to open up to people sooner and really find her voice from the get-go.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I could honestly see Claire in either of these settings.  She is patient, kind, and relatable, which is the type of personality that could do well in any of these environments.  If I had to pick, I'd say she would be most successful with first-years.  Her creativity and event planning skills (from helping out hall council to SCPC), would make for some really awesome programs for the first- years.  

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, Claire would make a fantastic SSM.  To me, some of the most important qualities for an SSM to have are passion for the position, a love of people, a relatable personality, and the desire to grow as a leader.  I've witnesses all of the qualities in Claire, and could really see her  going above the call of duty to positively impact the lives of other students on campus through this position. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Claire is great.  I think she would be a really great fit anywhere!  She would be a great asset to any staff.  If there is an opening in the Grand Challenges dorm, she would be great there because she has been through the program and has a great passion and understanding for that community.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
