
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  4:49:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Cole Messina

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Scott Bowden

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
scottbowden@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Cole since August of 2015 and have served as his peer leader for the 2015-2016 academic year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
He is highly motivated and has demonstrated great charisma during the school year thus far.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As far as areas that need more development, maturity would be one of them. Though I certainly believe he has the capacity to perform the job of peer leader well, I cannot imagine him currently in that role due to his maturity levels. I recommend him because those inevitably will develop as time goes on.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He should serve as a peer leader in a freshmen experience residence hall. I think it is doubtful he would be taken seriously by older students given his age and current status as a first year student.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, he has the drive and charisma to be a great SSM, Additionally, he has a personality type that allows him to communicate with a broad range of individuals.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He seems to struggle somewhat with getting along well with others, given his inability to cope effectively with an incompatible roommate from the previous semester. Cole is an only child and hasn't quite gained sufficient experience in sharing a room and resolving petty differences, so I don't think that is an insurmountable obstacle.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Below Average

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I can certainly attest to his motivation and academic discipline given the care he takes in making his schedule and how often he comes to me for advice and help with his classes. The drive is certainly there.
