
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  1:12:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Cori Harber

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Catherine (Katie) Roshelli

Your Position and or Title:
Former RA. Currently an Intern at the Georgia Tech Christian Campus Fellowship

Your Email Address:
roshellikatie33@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
I know Cori as a friend and within a Mentor Mentee relationship

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Cori since the beginning of the 2015-2016 School year beginning in August. She and I have met regularly throughout the year in a variety of settings. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
One of Cori's greatest strengths is her almost natural ability to include everyone. As an intern at CCF, I have watched the community of freshmen students grow and learn. Cori is one of our core leaders, and I feel it is because she befriends all people. She will walk someone home late at night, or invite the new girl to join in. Cori has an eye for community that I think could continue to be developed into a spectacular resource for the GT Housing department. After only a few months, Cori approached me and asked if she could plan an event for the freshmen girls. She noticed a distance between the core students and students that had just begun coming around, and she wanted to create an opportunity for everyone to grow closer.   Cori works incredibly hard at what she does, has never been late to a meeting, is willing to learn and grow, and she works well with others.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think Cori can continue to grow in developing skills for interpersonal conflict. She has grown in her awareness throughout the past semester of how to handle conflict, and I am confident in her ability to continue to improve.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Cori has a very mature personality, and that she would work well with upperclassmen or with first - year students. Seeing as she would be a younger Student Staff member, I could see Cori empathizing well with First year students in the coming year. However, with her maturity, I could see Cori excelling with older students.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes! While Cori is young, what makes me most confident in her ability to be a good SSM is how much she has grown in only one semester. I think she could be an incredible investment for GT Housing. She has the perception needed to understand and see needs in a community. She is responsible and hardworking which would be a bonus to any housing staff to hire her. She is kind and thoughtful, and she works well with people. And she has initiative to see a need and meet in on her own.   Overall, I believe Cori would make a spectacular SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
None.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None.
