
Date Submitted
1 15 2016  4:57:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Courtney Terrell

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jacob Whitfield

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
jwhitfield9@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I advise the Brown, Smith and Harris hall council where Courtney serves as the president. I have known her since she started at Georgia Tech in the fall of 2015.  

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Courtney’s strength is her desire to grow professionally. Advising her through hall council has been such a joy because after each program and meeting she asks for feedback and how she can improve as a leader. During these sessions Courtney actively listens, take notes, and is eager to learn. This strength will serve her well in all aspects of the SSM position.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Courtney will thrive under a supervisor who can help her find balance between the position and her student life. At times I notice Courtney experiencing stress balancing her duties for hall council and student abilities. Her supervisor should work with Courtney to ensure that she does not overcommit so she can enjoy all of her positions on campus.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I envision Courtney thriving with upperclass students. She is a task master and will stay on top of more of the administrative tasks that characterize the RA position. Paired with individuals that are focused and have positive energy, Courtney will find herself on the right team. She’ll also work well with “dreamers”, or those that have ambitious plans and goals for their communities. Courtney may struggle to work with a  more “go with the flow” staff, because she thrives under structure and needs to know what is expected of her.  

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
Yes, I give Courtney my highest recommendation. Through her involvement in hall council, Courtney has already been given responsibilities similar to those of an SSM. She has planned both small and large scale programs for our area, and she uses her knowledge of the dynamics of our floor to do so. Courtney took over planning on a sky zone trip for our area when one of the other officers dropped the ball, and she did an excellent job. This program included transportation to and from, purchasing the tickets, collecting money, registering residents, and other logistics. When in doubt, she communicated with me in a timely manner and ultimately delivered an excellent program. Courtney will transition smoothly into an SSM position because of her experience as our hall council president.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
