
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  8:54:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Daniel Kim

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Ashley Bahrenburg

Your Position and or Title:
RA

Your Email Address:
abahrenburg3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Daniel is one of my residents that I have just met. This is my first semester as an RA, but Daniel had introduced himself to me right away and was always very pleasant and welcoming.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
He is very welcoming and friendly and a good listener. He is quiet, but in a way that is comfortable and understanding.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Since he is very quiet he would need to work on being a little bit more outgoing, but he definitely has a lot of potential 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Upperclass students, Daniel has a great personality that is very relatable to quiet students, but also appreciable to more outgoing students because of how great of a listener he is.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes I do. I believe that Daniel has a lot of potential in the position of SSM, I think he would develop a lot in the role personally and socially.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I have not had much time to spend with Daniel, but in the time I have spent with him he has presented so many great qualities.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I believe that in this position he would open up and be an outstanding example as an RA.
