
Date Submitted
12 14 2015  3:29:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Danyelle Holder

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amy Knapp Branca

Your Position and or Title:
English Teacher Yearbook Adviser NHS Sponsor

Your Email Address:
amy_k_branca@dekalbschoolsga.org

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
High school teacher

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Since 2013 as a member of my Brit lit class, 3 years on the yearbook staff, and 2 years on NHS.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Patience, good judgment, maturity, sense of humor, enthusiasm, collaboration

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I honestly can't think of any. Danyelle is amazing. Sometimes she can be too controlling, especially when her grade depended on it.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
First-years, because she is a great listener and role model. She leads by example. She is easy to talk to.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely!!! She is dependable and trustworthy. She follws through and does what she says.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I cannot recommend a former student more enthusiastically than I can Danyelle! You have uncovered a precious gem!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Hire her!!!! You won't regret it!
