
Date Submitted
11 25 2015  12:13:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Daphne Chen

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Anjani Agrawal

Your Position and or Title:
Student Staff Member - Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
anjani.agr@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Co-member of Alpha Kappa Psi

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known this applicant since the beginning of the fall semester through being part of Alpha Kappa Psi. Over the semester, I got to know the applicant very well in terms of her personal, professional, and academic aspect and she is now a very good friend of mine.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
The applicant is a very hard worker and someone who puts in her best to make a difference in whatever she is doing. She always makes it a point to interact socially and be there for her friends colleagues when they are in need of help during tough times. I vouch for this as I have seen her grow exponentially during her first semester here and become more sincere about these aspects. I find her to be a very comfortable and approachable when I need to talk about serious things. She is also very excited and enthusiastic about whatever she is doing. For example, she planned one of the best fundraisers for a group of 23 peers all alone and this event was a huge success. She has also proven to be a great listener and team mate - during the entirety of this semester she helped every member of AKPsi move forward with their goals while keeping the little things in mind. She inspires those around her to excel in their interests by following her passions wholeheartedly. She is also a great communicator from what I have seen in group work settings. All in all, I think the applicant is a perfect fit for the SSM position because of the diverse set of skills she has shown me in just the span of 4 months. I believe her personality will help her grow in whatever role she takes on.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I believe that the candidate will grow in aspects of handling situations that are beyond her fix as an SSM. This is something she will learn on the job - such as interacting with parents, hall directors and other staff members in these situations to help her succeed in the position. This is something I learnt on the job as well and I see the applicant to pick this up very quickly. I believe the candidate has enough capabilities to build a community around her in a timely manner which I believe to be one of the most important duties of a SSM. Having said that, every experience as a SSM will help her grow personally and professionally. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This applicant will be most successful with first year students. I have seen this applicant go through a tough first semester exceptionally well and I believe she will be a perfect resource for the incoming class pulling from her own experiences. The applicant has shown me that she can interact with almost anyone around her. Although, she blends well in with people who open upto her and are emotional but at the same time focused and goal oriented. This is definitely something that others around her pick up because of her work ethics. She works least well with people who are not comfortable communicating the needs very bluntly - she appreciates when people are straight forward about things even if it means telling her that she needs to improve upon something. She is always seeking this kind of feedback and thus she might not work well with people who are not comfortable in doing so. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe she is a very good candidate for the SSM position because she has proven to be a pace setter leader in whatever role she has taken. She has very successful in building a tight knit social circle around her and has helped others grow as well. She has the mindset of never leaving any one behind and that is what i appreciate most about her. She is a also a very timely person which i believe is a very important quality.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I believe that this candidate will be a very great addition to the student staff and those around her will have a great opportunity to learn from her - she will be a very diverse resource and will always take the time out of her own schedule to go that extra step.
