
Date Submitted
1 16 2016  10:08:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
David Alanis

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Adway Dhillon

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader at Hopkins

Your Email Address:
adhillon6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been David's Peer Leader for the past semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
David is a people's person. Making friends is something he is really good at, and his interpersonal and people skills are unmatched. He is also heavily involved in SHPE (Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers), and owing to his international heritage, understands diversity very well. He takes a keen part in all floor events and always has creative inputs.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Honestly, I have thought hard about David and what his weaknesses (or potential areas of development) as a leader could be, but nothing really comes to my mind. But if I have to say something, I'll say maybe his communication skills. As an international student, English is not his first language and the effects of this can be seen often in his interpersonal conversations. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Owing to his amiable nature, I think David would fit in both as a PL or as an RA. It boils down to his choice now. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think he would make a great SSM. I have expanded on David's strengths in the above sections. All those are the reasons I think he would be a great candidate for the post of an SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Nope

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Nope
