
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  2:56:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Delaney Beckner

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Patti Bozeman Lind

Your Position and or Title:
disabled

Your Email Address:
dixie277@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Close Family Friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
The Beckner Family has been in Georgia since December, 2010.  I have known them ALL since their arrival in Georgia.  We were acquainted through our childrens school.  In the time since, we have become very close.  I consider them my FAMILY, as they do us.  

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Delaney Beckner is a goal-oriented young lady.  She has consistently set many lofty  goals and achieved each one.  She takes on ANY responsibility with a full understanding of WHAT is expected of her.  Her efforts in accomplishing any task set before her are guided by a clear understanding of the intended outcome.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
She has already developed a strong sense of fairness.  She considers BOTH sides of any given thought or situation before drawing a conclusion. She has a strong work ethic and maintains a  great self-discipline.  She will put whatever efforts are needed to be the best SSM she can be; not only for the sake of the ones she is to help but for her OWN sense of a job well done. As for any area that may need to BE developed, I can only imagine a guiding force and source material for familiarizing herself with the kinds of answers that will be needed.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I can foresee her being comfortable with most any student.  She is from a large family.  The Beckner household IS, has been and will continue to be a 'revolving door' of many friends and family members from many walks of life.  All were welcomed and accepted with an unbiased graciousness that has afforded all the Beckner children an easily approachable and effortlessly translated warmth.  I should think the newcomers to college life would find her an easy ally.  Once established as an SSM, I can envision the upperclassmen coming to RELY on tDelaneys thoroughness.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I MOST CERTAINLY DO.  For all the reasons I've spoken of above , I believe Delaney Beckner is an excellent candidate for SSM.  I have been privileged to watch her manage her life throughout her high school term.  She never backed away from any challenge.  She shares a warm humor and endearing personality with all whom she encounters.  She is courageous in her choices and determined in her efforts.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
She is a well-behaved, truthful, determined, intelligent (Valedictorian!), well-grounded, fair-minded, hard-working, goal-oriented, generous, loyal and loving young woman, friend, sister and daughter.  She has always been and continues to be an incredibly well-rounded young woman.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I do not have ANY reason to believe you will be disappointed in choosing Delaney Beckner as an SSM.
