
Date Submitted
12 10 2015  9:41:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Devin Li

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Alan Grusy

Your Position and or Title:
Towers Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
jagrusy@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Devin was my resident last year and we have kept in touch since then. Last year he was an active member of the community so we had many interactions. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Devin has many defining qualities that would make him a great SSM. First off he is a very approachable person and is very friendly. I can't remember a time there wasn't a smile on his face when I met up with him. He is also a responsible individual. He has found a way to balance school and still have involvement in the Georgia Tech community. I feel like these skills will transfer to an SSM role as he will be an approachable individual who knows how to help people and what it takes to succeed here.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
He is a quieter individual, however once I got to know him we were able to have great conversations. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think his personality fits better with upperclassmen, however I think he would still do a great job with first year residents. He is someone who is a great role model and leads by example. I noticed he meshes well with his peers and I think this will translate to residents of his age as well. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Devin would make a great SSM. He has all the characteristics of someone who would do great at the job. He is approachable and has a lot of great advice he could offer. He is the type of person who sticks to his commitments which I see with the clubs he is involved in here. With this I can see him really caring about the job and committing to it as he has in other areas of his life. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I think Devin's characteristics are not just of someone who would do the job but of someone who has the ability to go above and beyond.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No further comments.
