
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  9:35:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Dhara Patel

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Joe LeDoux

Your Position and or Title:
Associate Chair for Undergraduate Learning and Experience (BME)

Your Email Address:
joe.ledoux@bme.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I've known Dhara for about 2 years.  I was her instructor in a core required BME course.  And she is the chair of the Learning Commons Leadership Team, a student leadership team that I advise and mentor closely.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
She is extremely charismatic and caring. She is very well informed of goings on at Georgia Tech.  She is very well organized and natural leader.  She has served as the Chair for the 12 member learning commons leadership team for nearly 2 years and has done a great job.  She has a great rapport with her peers and inspires them to do great things. She knows how to be first among equals.  She is also friendly and approachable and has served as a mentor for freshman for the last 2 years.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
None that I can think of right now.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think she'd do well with any age group. She has experience advising freshman, so perhaps I'd lean towards that age group for that reason only.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes.  See my comments about her strengths above. On top of all that, she's just such a caring person.  She wants to help people - that is why she leads the Learning Commons team in BME, and why she has mentored several freshman through BME's mentoring program over the last 2 years.  Her mentees were thrilled with her, so I know she does a great job in working with students who are new to GT.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
She's will be a fantastic RA.  
