
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  6:19:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Duane Stanford

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Bryce Watson

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
bwatson35@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Peer Leader, but not his Peer Leader

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
2 Years, Duane's been a good friend of mine. We ended up in all the same classes first semester and we've been close since then

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Duane is an incredibly friendly and charismatic person. He's well known in our group of friends for being loyal, genuine, and having a great sense of humor. He's an introvert but he excels at almost all kinds of conversation, especially the ones that count. He's already a mentor to those at DramaTech who don't possess his unusual level of talent, I think he would a great fit. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Duane's a very passionate person, and the only potential pitfall I see is that he could let his passions (improv comedy and musical theatre) interfere with his responsibilities. However, with the right mindset I'm more than confident that he can rise to the challenge that being an SSM offers. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He's talked about being a Peer Leader as opposed to an RA, and honestly I think that's probably the better fit for him. He's going into his 2nd semester of his 2nd year now, which is just the right age of maturity to actually be able to give advice to freshmen while not being too far removed from his own freshman year. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely. Duane has all the qualities that make a good role model, he's passionate, he's nurturing, and he's fun to be around. But the reason I'm sitting down writing paragraphs for this guy is because of this: he has a good heart. If there's one thing I look for in a friend, it's authenticity, and Duane is one of the most authentic people I know. Now that I have my first semester as a PL under my belt, I'm confident that Duane would fit into any staff with ease. I can vouch without absolutely any worry in my mind that he's a rock solid choice. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Ask him about improv, his eyes will light up like christmas trees. Keep in mind he's also probably the best improv theater person on Tech's campus, so just listen what he has to say. 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
This guy is truly something special, especially for the kind of social skills you find at most tech schools. My only concern if I hired him is that I wouldn't be paying him enough.
