
Date Submitted
11 27 2015  2:59:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Elisa Schrader

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Callie Thompson

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
cthompson67@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Elisa is currently my resident in Matheson, and I have known her since August 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Elisa is outgoing and always looking to make friends with other residents on her hall. Her door is one of the few that is typically open when she is in the room, and she never fails to say hi to someone in passing and ask how their day is going. She also attends most events that have been put on by her PLs and by other SSMs in the area. Elisa is a resident I can always count on to attend an event if she is available, and she also encourages others to attend. Elisa is always looking to help others who need something or ask questions in our hall GroupMe. Many residents on the hall consider Elisa someone they can go to for help if needed and someone who is always friendly and smiling. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Elisa is not aware of all resources available on campus, which is not a surprise considering she is only a freshman. But I believe that after training and education on various resources on campus, she would be a great SSM that could apply those resources to help others when needed. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Elisa would be best suited for working with first-years. She has a calm, friendly, generous personality that many first-years would appreciate since most times they are looking for advice or a friend when they interact with their PLs. Elisa is also an international student from South America, and she would be able to connect well with freshman who are homesick and missing their family while transitioning to a new place. I think Elisa would be able to help them adjust more since she will understand what they are experiencing, and will be able to provide a personal story to help residents connect with her and trust her. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Elisa would make a great SSM. She is friendly and always looking to develop friendships with those on the hall to help her PLs form a stronger community. She is reliable, responsible and does well in school, which I believe is an important quality in an SSM since it shows they care about doing well at the tasks in front of them and will be a person the Hall Director can rely on to complete the jobs and activities necessary. I honestly think Elisa would be a great contribution to any staff, and would be an awesome SSM who will build a strong community and make bonds with her residents through being their friend and their confidant when necessary, while helping them with issues or concerns they may have. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
