
Date Submitted
12 12 2015  5:24:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Elizabeth Elsa Perakis

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Namrata Kolla

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader (HHC)

Your Email Address:
namratakolla@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Elsa is on my Service Committee for the Grand Challenges Program, and she has been one of my residents this year. I see her the most out of any of my residents, and we spend quite a bit of time outside of the hall as well, usually to work out. We have a strong professional and personal relationship, 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Elsa has acted as a counselor for many of the girls on the hall, including myself. She has a great ability to gauge peoples' emotions and she will make time out of her day to make anyone feel better. I often see her sitting with other girls in the hall, talking to them during late hours of the night. A couple times she has also texted me, asking me if I have talked to a certain girl lately. She cares deeply for her fellow hallmates and often lets me and my co-PL that someone is sick out of school before we find out ourselves.   Elsa also organized a team of residents to volunteer for RoboGals this year, while also helping other members of the Grand Challenges Service Committee organize service projects for the Hospital Art Foundation, Trees Atlanta, and Team BUZZ. She is very committed to organizations she is a part of and is definitely driven by the sense of duty to others. Additionally, her openness about her sexuality has also raised the understanding and acceptance of our community and encouraged others to feel free to be themselves. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I could see Elsa having trouble riding that line between being a peer leader and being a friend. She loves connecting with people and may have difficulties (particularly her first year) in turning people away to take care of herself and or calling people out for making mistakes. This is a more minor issue, but she also has a very messy room, to the extent that it is sometimes difficult to even sit in there. This may become an issue if she wants to use her room to talk to her residents privately. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Being an international Greek student and given how she has connected with many of the older PLs in our hall alongside the residents, Elsa would work really well with upperclassmen students. However, I think she would get most enjoyment from being a PL because she would get to build close relationships with a smaller number of residents. Her ability to be a counselor would also work better for the problems that first-year students face (as opposed to upperclassmen) because she just experienced that year herself. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely! I feel confident in her ability to work in personal and professional environments, alone and in groups. I would hire her even without an interview!

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
