
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  5:57:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Elizabeth Ham

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Mary Ellen Nichols

Your Position and or Title:
Business Owner

Your Email Address:
owner4526@theupsstore.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Elizabeth was an employee who nannied my children and helped with our household for a summer.  I have known her for 4 years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Elizabeth is very caring about others and will be a great mentor.  She has exhibited great skills in organizing and planning as she had an activity every day to entertain twin 6 year olds (that takes great thought and effort to maintain their happiness.)  She also became very experienced in mediating conflict as sibling disagree every hour.  She worked with them to make them think about the situation and come up with solutions to the problem.  She was also extremely flexible as our schedule changed often and I think that would be an important skill to have as a SSM.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think she hasn't encountered certain types of life experiences (example: a terrible break-up with a boyfriend), so she will definitely have sympathy, but will lack empathy in those situations.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think that Elizabeth would enjoy working with any type of resident, but I can see her really enjoying  the mentoring of the first-years to help them get adapted to college life quickly.  I think she would work well with driven, high achievers, shy people as well as bubbly-outgoing individuals.  I believe that she would struggle to work with those who lost their excitement for learning.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely, YES!  First and foremost she really wants people to succeed.  She also believes in being firm, but fair.  She won't tolerate any nonsense, but will still be sympathetic and caring to those who need it.  Given that she was able to successfully navigate the challenges of caring for 6 year old boy girl twins (and still come back with a smile on her face day after day) I feel extremely confident that she will be able to care for a dorm full of college students.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Her commitment, loyalty and honesty character levels are off the charts high!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No concerns at all about Elizabeth.  I hire employees on a weekly basis and she has all of the characteristics that we look for in an outstanding employee.  
