
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  8:48:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Emily Adams

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amrutha Mylarapu

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
amylarapu3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
This applicant has been my resident in Caldwell Residence Hall since the beginning of Fall 2015. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
This applicant's strengths come from her ability to interact with many of the girls on the floor. She is a very social person and is very comfortable with talking to a variety of people. She also is an organized student and seems capable of handling her role with great responsibility. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
The only area of development for this potential SSM would be her responsiveness. I feel that she could be more responsive to emails and make the effort to come to more hall events. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This candidate would be most successful with freshmen because she is so young in age compared to upperclassmen. I think that it would be easier for freshman to relate to her rather than upperclassmen.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe that this candidate would make a great SSM! She has such a wonderful personality and she takes the time and effort to make sure that the other girls on the floor feel comfortable. She has made friends quickly and I think that she would be great!

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I think that this applicant is great but she would improve as she learned about the job.
