
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  1:26:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Erich Hoffstetter

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Carolyn Perry

Your Position and or Title:
Program Director CEISMC

Your Email Address:
carolyn.perry@ceismc.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
GT Academic and former employerr

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have know Erich for more than 3 years as student outreach worker.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Erich is thoughtful, considerate of others, and approachable. Erich is a wonderful problem solver, able to see the next step before it is needed. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Erich will continue to grow and learn about himself as a person, as well as learning about the GT experience. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Erich is a natural leader. Others readily look up to him, and he has a natural easy going personality that helps calm situations without escalating them. Undergraduates and same aged peers would be his strength.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Unequivocally. Erich is a bright young man, but his ability to build teams, have fun, bring people together, while making it seem effortless is remarkable. He would be an asset to the SSM program. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He is very aware of other's thought and feelings and is able to extrapolate that understanding into  action. Erich has spent three summers helping learners with complex electrical concepts, and in doing so showed extreme patience.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Erich would be an incredible asset to your RA life program. As a former RA myself, Erich is exactly the type of student who would bring excellent leadership skills to the SSM position. 
