
Date Submitted
1 4 2016  11:07:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Eugene Mangortey

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Karen Pierce

Your Position and or Title:
Area Manager GTL Housing

Your Email Address:
karen.pierce@gtl.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Mr. Mangortey worked as a Resident Advisor under my supervision at Georgia Tech Lorraine (GTL) in Metz, France, for fall, 2015.  I was acquainted with him prior to his employment with GTL because he had previously attended GTL.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Mr. Mangortey's strengths include, but are not limited to, his maturity, his level-headedness, his quick and appropriate follow-up in emergency and non-emergency situations, and his ability to engage students in both a professional and friendly manner.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
If this is to ask in what direction Mr. Mangortey can develop with your organization, he has real management potential.  He tends to take on responsibility and, in general, takes initiative.  If this is to ask in what ways he needs development, it might be in the area of learning to limit the amount of responsibility he takes on.  He's keen to be involved and to participate and it may take a toll on him over time.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Mr. Mangortey works well with all age groups, though he connects best with the older students.  I would attribute this to his own level of maturity.  If I must choose a group that he works least well with, it would be the first-years in that he is further removed from their 18 year old exploits and might not be able to relate as well.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Mr. Mangortey would make an excellent SSM.  While working with him, I could see that he gave priority to school and to work.  Many students at GTL have some trouble balancing work and play, but Mr. Mangortey had no such dilemma.  He knew where his priorities lay.  He took his job seriously and is very friendly.  He likes working with students and they like working with him.  Though he is friendly and approachable, he understands the need for professional distance when working with students.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I can not recommend Eugene Mangortey more highly.  He was an asset at GTL and I was sorry to see such an engaging and responsible young person leave our employ.  

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
If you have any questions for me, please do not hesitate to contact me by email at karen.pierce@gtl.gatech.edu.  I can also be reached by phone at 011-33-3-54-84-60-94.  However, it would be an international call for you.
