
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  2:53:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Eyoel Tewdros

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Courtney Allen

Your Position and or Title:
SSM (PL)

Your Email Address:
callen71@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Classmate

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Eyoel since August 2015, having worked beside and with him throughout the semester in studio (Industrial Design class).

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Eyoel remains positive and calm even in the most dire and fraught situations. Having seen him work all day without faltering or being upset, I believe his greatest strength is determination. Once Eyoel sets a goal ahead of himself, he starts running for it and never slows down or goes off track until he reaches the finish line. He's shown these strengths by putting forth extra effort when another group member began to fall behind, making sure the project doesn't fall behind; Eyoel even reached out to other groups and made sure they were on track and offered his help (by way of appropriate measures); and finally for personally interaction, I once was at a low point of a project and was worried it would fail and Eyoel comforted me and reassured me that the project would finish just fine and I didn't need to falter. Eyoel wasn't ever scared or slowed by anyone's emotions but rather took the position to resolve these unbalanced emotions with grace and good virtue. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
While Eyoel is an amazing listener and has great determination, he would be able to improve his techniques of communication and consoling with others. Much like Industrial designers, Eyoel is a sponge and will soak up all that is around him. However he should develop the ability to know when too much is being absorbed and to discover when he himself needs a break. As an SSM, he would most likely develop a more disciplined day-to-day schedule as well. As currently, he goes to class and exceeds well, but outside simply floats around without a goal (until one arises obviously).

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Eyoel is a very outgoing and friendly gentleman and I can see him most successful with first-year students, though he could certainly handle upperclassman as well. He was a transfer student and thus did not experience FE, however I believe because of his magnetic and optimistic personality, he could direct freshman in the right and happy direction. As for personalities that work well with Eyoel, I believe that similarly optimistic and excited people are the most compatible, but also the quiet introverted personalities. I've seen Eyoel approach every person he interacts with with deliberate indications that he pays attention to how the recipient wants to be interacted with. As for those that don't work as well with Eyoel, those personalities contain elements of the utmost pessimism and unwillingness to accept responsibility - thus the personality that doesn't pull their own weight and tries to drag others. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe that Eyoel would make a good - no, great - SSM. Eyoel always has a smile on and makes sure to interact with everyone he has a connection to. And this connection is easily made between him and whoever he sets out. He truly loves to extend his hand out to help others, no matter their situation or background. Speaking of background, as I've already mentioned he transferred, he loves Georgia Tech and inspires others too by way of showing his choice of school after having been to a different college, Furthermore, he is from Africa and thus very experienced in other cultures and open to explore others' or explain his own. He always has an interesting idea, even not all are realistic, anyone is easily drawn in to his charisma of general happiness and will to explore. Any time any feels down or upset, he is the one to go to. Truly, my face lifts up to a big smile anytime, anywhere I see him.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Honestly there is so much more to say about Eyoel (by the way it's pronounced ee-well, I struggled too, so no worries), but I am not a great writer by any means and thus I feel that I don't give him enough justice.  On another note, though I listed him as a classmate, for studio a classmate is so much more than the average. We are a family that struggles through the hardships of high standards, late nights, occasional breakdowns, and wondrous projects. I've seen him through some of worst and best that Georgia Tech can throw at him and he has remained intact and still smiling genuinely.   He's contagious. Just give him one minute - not even that much time - and you'll fall in love him just as I, my classmates, and my professors have. 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I'm an optimistic and happy person as well so I tend to give excellents but there are definitely areas for Eyoel to grow. He isn't perfect by any means but that is what will make him a better candidate. 
