
Date Submitted
12 6 2015  10:58:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Garrett Huang

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Matthew DiNitto

Your Position and or Title:
Process Engineer

Your Email Address:
dinitto.m@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Former coworker

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Garrett and I worked closely together for 3 years starting September 2012. We were both Test Engineers at FuelCell Energy in CT.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Garrett is very bright and quick thinking. He is also friendly and has a welcoming personality. While Garrett and I worked together, he demonstrated that he is reliable and trustworthy.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Garrett did not have many opportunities to plan social activities for large groups at our last job. While I believe he will be very capable, it will be a new experience for him.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Garrett got along with everyone that we worked with. I believe that Garrett has good real-world experience and he would be able to act as a mentor for many of the students, regardless of age. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe that Garrett would be a good SSM. Garrett was responsible and trustworthy. His job as a test engineer required him to be on-call 24-7 for weeks at a time. At a moment's notice he would need to respond to alarms and would need to make critical decisions very quickly. He did this well.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
While at FuelCell Energy, Garrett and I were both on the Safety Committee. The Committee inspected the building searching for health and safety hazards. We worked to fix mistakes and help our coworkers to be safer. Garrett took safety very seriously and came up with many good suggestions to help his coworkers.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I truly believe that Garrett would be an excellent SSM.
