
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  12:48:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Geetika Kapoor

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Kim Patel

Your Position and or Title:
M.O.V.E. Senior Services Committee Chair

Your Email Address:
kpatel322@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I am the chair of Senior Services (a committee within the on campus organization, M.O.V.E.). Geetika has been one of my committee members since September and I have known her since then. She has been an active member of the organization and participated in events. We hosted an event at Legacy, a senior home, and she was very enthusiastic to help others and be involved with the senior citizens. She also has many useful ideas during meetings for hosting new events.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Geetika is one of the most friendliest and approachable people I have met. She always has a smile on her face and is very considerate of the needs and feelings of others. This is a very important trait as an SSM because residents need to have a leader who is happy and kind; that is the first step in fostering a relationship and creating a community. Geetika's strenght lies in her optimistic empathetic personality.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Geetika is a rising second year, so she still learning and perfecting her Tech lifestyle. I think having more opportunities to lead and serve will quickly shape her into an excellent leader.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Geetika would work best with first years. She has experienced FE and went through introductory courses so she can relate better with first years rather than upperclass students. Also, she seems to be very active and involved so she would be able to offer more as a PL because she enjoys having close relations with people and spending time together as a hall. Upperclass students would not be as enthusiastic about her programs and efforts as freshmen would.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe Geetika would be a good SSM. I also am an SSM and I see many qualities in her that prove she can handle this position, and excel. She is a very friendly and happy person, so residents will feel free to approach her. She works great in our 12 person committee and is very respectful of others' ideas, as well as a dependable person, so she will be able to get along well with her staff and HD. She genuinely cares for helping others. I see her passion when we volunteer at senior homes and host charity events and I know that same compassion and energy will be implemented into her SSM position.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
All mentioned above

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Geetika has a very kind personality and has the leadership ability to be an effective and pleasant SSM. She would make a great PL RA and a staff member
