
Date Submitted
1 8 2016  9:57:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Geoffrey Greenfader

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Yotam Mosinzon

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
ymosinzon3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant for the last year and a half, meeting him in a daily basis.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Geoffrey is an excellent communicator with different types of people. He Has the ability to relate to many different people because of his diverse background (born in Puerto Rico) Very patient, and has the motivation it takes to help younger students out.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Geoffrey is a leader in the fraternity in which we are members. I can see he further developing his leadership style and assembling many great and useful projects for the benefit of his residents. He could become a leader among the staff.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Definitely would work best with Freshman. The candidate has a lot of academic and non academic experiences that will undoubtedly help Freshman the most. He works very well with people who aren't the best communicators. Geoffrey can usually get a lot out of them from talking to them.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, Geoffrey is serious individual, and would invest his time and attention in the SSM position.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Geoffrey is an excellent young man, he deeply cares about the communities he is a part of.
