
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  7:41:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
George Samaras

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Dr. Sarah Higinbotham

Your Position and or Title:
LMC Instructor

Your Email Address:
sarah.higinbotham@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I taught George in English 1101 last semester. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
George is a perfect blend of self-confidence and humility. He is well-liked by his peers and consistently led the class into more productive, generative discussions. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As the son of two professors, George seems to have an innate sense of the university community and how to engage fully with all that it offers. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I never observed George in a situation where he didn't shine. His peers evaluated him with perfect scores after their group research project (perfect scores were rare). George seemed to succeed equally with his first-year peers and with the faculty at a dinner we all attended. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I give George my unqualified recommendation. I can't imagine a better SSM. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I do not have a single hesitation! 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
He will reward your confidence in him many times over. 
