
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  6:46:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Georgios (George) Samaras

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Raghav Gupta

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
rgupta89@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
George is a resident of mine. I've known him since the beginning of the semester in August. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
George could really add a lot to a staff. He has a strong knack for knowing the right thing to say at the right time. He is also the kind of person to not speak unnecessarily, saying exactly what he wants to and not articulating more. George is also very pensive and could use this as a strength, to understand what people are saying. George is also very inquisitive and would use his desire for knowledge in order to learn how to better serve those in his community. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
George is very quiet and sometimes too quiet. This is often because he is thinking about a situation or using his words wisely. George is also not very vocal about any involvement he has, which can be seen as a standoff approach. I believe that this is because he is very humble and doesn't like unnecessary attention. Working on bringing him out of his shell slightly would be something that a hall director would need to monitor. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
George would be a good fit for first year students. He is a good match for people who are slightly awkward. It seems like he knows how to speak to them and make them feel comfortable. I think that people who are very loud and obnoxious will be a trouble spot for George but as long as he is matched with a good co-SSM, he will have no trouble. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that George would make a good SSM. He could add a lot to any staff. His mind works in a very different way than most people, always looking for solutions to problems and how to make things better. George has been a phenomenal resident and a great neighbor. He makes people around him better by challenging them to think more rather than talking. I think that I have learned a lot from George and his passion will be very well received as an SSM. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
George would be a treasure for any hall director. I hope that he is hired as he would be a great SSM. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
George would be a great SSM. I wish the hall directors good luck in deciding who he gets to work for. 
