
Date Submitted
12 15 2015  11:19:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Giuliana Stovall

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Mary Speir

Your Position and or Title:
Religious Education Director at St James Catholic Church

Your Email Address:
mgspeir@comcast.net

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
VBS Supervisor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
As the VBS director, I have know Giuliana for 4 years. As a student of Religious Ed I have know Giuliana for over 12 years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
One of Guiliana’s best qualities is her ability to jump into a situation and take over when needed. For example, Giuliana has often been required to take over the instruction of a lesson at a moment’s notice with little or no warning. She is confident and creative with a natural talent to teach and lead.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Giuliana is a confident, personable student leader who would be the perfect candidate to help incoming freshman to spread their wings or  open up to all the challenges of living away from home. She is open and friendly to all people, both students and adults.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Giuliana is so open and friendly to everyone, I find it difficult to think of anyone who would not benefit from her friendship and guidance. To my knowledge I have found no one who would have trouble communicating and relating to this industrious creative college student.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Giuliana is an enthusiastic, creative leader. She relates well with all students but is especially gifted with creative, outside-the-box students. She is energetic and puts more into every situation that is generally required.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Despite her age, Giuliana was totally accepted by the students and adults as a major leader in every encounter I have experienced with her.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
You could not find a better person for this job than Giuliana.
