
Date Submitted
1 15 2016  11:10:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Hamza Abassi

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
John Copeland

Your Position and or Title:
Prof., ECE, GT

Your Email Address:
jcopeland@ece.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Thesis Adviser for 2 years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
He has been an active member of our group of 6 graduate students. He get along well with everyone and is always ready to help other group members, and undergraduates who are doing special research problems with us.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Sorry, I do not understand this question. If you want to know areas where he needs improvement, I do not know of any.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He works well with everyone. He is a practicing Muslim, so he would be especially able to help other Muslims. He currently is working with members of all faiths in our student group.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I believe he would be very good. He wants to go into higher education, and believes he would also benefit from working with students.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Call me if you need more information - 404-894-5177.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I did hire him, as a GRA. A good choice.
