
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  11:54:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Hannah Gersch

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Sandi Bramblett

Your Position and or Title:
Executive Director, Institutional Research & Decision Support

Your Email Address:
sandi@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
GT1000 Instructor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Hannah Gersch since August 2015 as she was a student in my GT1000 class. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Hannah is outgoing, friendly, approachable, organized, self-aware and a genuinely caring person. She has a bright personality that immediately puts people at ease and she is confident in her abilities. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
If Hannah is selected as an SSM, she will need to ensure she maintains a healthy balance between her work as an SSM and her studies. She is 100% committed to her role as a student so this shouldn't be a problem for her. I've watched her juggle different activities with her studies and she manages very well.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Hannah gets along with everyone, regardless of where they are in their tenure at Georgia Tech or what role they have as a professor, student, team member, etc. I do think she would work really well with first-years, given she'll be fresh off of her own first year. In terms of personalities, Hannah can engage people who are shy and reticent as well as those who are just like her, outgoing and friendly. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
Yes, without reservation. Hannah models the behavior outlined in the introduction to this section of the recommendation. Since SSMs are among the most visible student leaders on campus, Hannah will represent Housing well. Her experience includes positions in which customer service and knowledge transfer is key. Her service experience includes participation in the Ulster Project which provided leadership training, conflict resolution workshops, service hours for local charities, participation in talent show and other social events designed to raise money for the Ulster Project. (The Ulster Project works to reduce the ill effects of prejudice and civil unrest due to religious intolerance.) Additionally, she has been a tutor for students from kindergarten through 12th grade so she has counseling experience with a variety of people. She authentically likes people and has an enthusiasm for Georgia Tech that is contagious. She will serve her residents, her peers and her supervisors well. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
As I indicated previously, I know Hannah because she was a student in my GT1000 class. Since we had just 14 people on our class, it is fairly easy to become better acquainted with our first-year students than it would be in their traditional freshman courses. From the first day of class, Hannah was a serious student who understood the rigors of the Georgia Tech curriculum. It quickly became obvious to me that Hannah came to Georgia Tech, first and foremost, to get an education. In my class, she actively participated in team discussions and assignments, setting a great example for her colleagues. When her teammates graded her for her contributions to their group presentation, each person made it a point to comment on Hannah’s leadership, dependability and willingness to work as a true team member. Her portion of the team presentation was outstanding because she was prepared and knew not only her own material, she knew what the rest of the group was expected to cover during the presentation. As a result of her work, she received the highest grade for this core competency. Finally, I gained tremendous insight into Hannah’s future plans through her career research project. This assignment was not done in haste, rather it allowed Hannah an opportunity for exploration and thoughtful discovery. Should you choose Hannah to be an SSM, I am confident that she will conduct herself in a manner that will reflect favorably upon Housing and Georgia Tech. Indeed, it is my privilege to write this recommendation on her behalf. Please let me know if I can answer any questions. Thank you! 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Please see my responses in the previous section of this recommendation. 
