
Date Submitted
12 14 2015  4:00:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Helen Zhang

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Samantha Stammen

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
sstammen3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I met her in August during move in, and talk to her several times every week.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Helen is very outgoing.  Her goal for first semester was to make sure she knew every resident on the floor and that every resident knew her, and I am confident that she succeeded.  I have never had any policy violation issues with her.  Helen is the treasurer of the GFSH hall council which I am an advisor of, and she has been very organized, responsible, and timely this semester.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I believe her biggest area for development would be demonstrating good study habits.  I'm not saying that Helen needs to improve academically, but she is brilliant and most people need to study more than her to succeed.  Also, her communication skills are not bad, but I think they could use a little improvement.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Helen would be fantastic working with first-year students.  I have never met someone who Helen does not work well with.  She has a very open mind and she respects everyone's differences.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
If you don't hire Helen as an SSM, you are making a mistake.  I can't think of one person who would make a better SSM than her.  She is passionate about everything, and she would make a fantastic PL.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Helen is perfect.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Helen is the ideal candidate for an SSM position, and will do a great job.
