
Date Submitted
11 27 2015  5:14:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Hyewon Jung

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Laura Cox

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
ldc@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Hyewon since mid August of 2015. She is my resident in Brown Residence hall

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Hyewon is extremely outgoing and fairly knowledgeable on things happening around campus. She is an excellent listener, and will always come to me with questions if she can't figure something out on her own. I personally think that is a great skill because I believe she would also go to her hall director with questions if she is unsure how something works. Also, she is friends with everyone on the floor despite having a busy schedule as a Gold Rush dancer. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Hyewon is doing pretty well in all of her classes except for math, so I believe that she may struggle with classes as an SSM. As she gets older, I think she will be able to time manage better, and I think becoming an SSM would help Hyewon achieve that because I know it certainly helped me. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Hyewon would probably be a better Peer Leader only because she has tons of energy. I can tell that she feeds well off of personalities that are also outgoing and or excited about particular topics. She is very good at talking with the quieter people on my floor by asking them about classes and or something they are passionate about. However, I can tell it is harder for her to get along with people who are extremely quiet (ie give one word answers and such).

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I believe Hyewon would be an excellent candidate for an SSM position. She is hard working, loves socializing with people, loves listening to people and would probably love to put on programs if given the chance pushed in the right direction. I think she would be a great role model for girls as well because she is a Gold Rush dancer as well as a Mechanical Engineer and I think that shows that girls can do anything that they want if they put their minds to it!

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Not Applicable

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Not Applicable

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
On the sections where I placed 'Not applicable,' I only put that because I have not personally seen her creativity skills or her stance on social justice awareness. 
