
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  2:49:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ian Smith

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jacob Whitfield

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
jwhitfield9@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Ian is a resident on my floor.  

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ian’s professionalism and maturity are his greatest strengths and will prepare him to handle the more stressful aspects of the position. Ian lives by two noisy residents, and I was so impressed with how he handled the conflict. Instead of becoming angry or disrespectful, Ian asked his neighbors politely if they would mind being quieter. After the situation persisted and he spoke to them multiple times, Ian looped me in and asked for help. He never spoke poorly of his neighbors, and Ian was focused on ensuring that everyone in the community was respected and not affected by the excessive noise. Normally these situations can become tense and create conflict among residents, but Ian’s maturity was truly refreshing, and I see him handling situations as a PL with ease.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Ian may need assistance developing relationships with people that are very different from him. On the floor, he tends to socialize mostly with residents of similar affiliations and backgrounds, so he may need a supervisor that can guide him in building a community that celebrates many different interests and backgrounds. Further, Ian’s Georgia Tech community or social circle is outside of Smith Hall, so he will need to balance his social life and community development on the floor as an SSM.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Ian will work well with first year students. He seeks an opportunity to develop a tight-knit community with a smaller group so that he can attend to their specific needs. Ian will work well with outgoing and enthusiastic people similar to himself. He will respond well to positive energy and be motivated to do his job well. Conversely, Ian will face difficulties working with individuals that tend to be negative or see the glass as “half empty.” Though I anticipate his positive attitude will help him work through challenges he encounters with potential downers. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
Ian will make a great SSM for the reasons listed above. He is an exceptional communicator and well received by his peers. As a resident Ian has been easy to work with and responsible in handling conflicts. Ian has expressed his interest in the position to me, relaying that being a PL is something he has been interested in since arriving at Tech. Ian is easy to get along with and will be a great resource and friend to his future residents.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
While all of my interactions with Ian have been positive, he is not very active on our floor. Though I have no reason to think that he will have difficulty forming community as an SSM, his social circles are outside of our hall and when he is in his room, Ian’s door is almost always closed.  

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
