
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  9:54:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ian Cornicelli

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Nicholas Mohammed

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
nmohammed6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known  the applicant for over four months (1 semester). I have interacted with him at least three times weekly during the Fall 2015 semester. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Sociability: Ian is not afraid to walk up to someone and start a conversation. He does this regularly with the residents on our floor and is one of the few residents on the floor who has gone to other floors to meet new people. Cultural interest: Although he may not be familiar with many different cultures and backgrounds, he likes learning about them. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Ian has never had to plan and organize a residential program before. He has come to floor programs often but hasn't seen the behind-the-scenes work that goes into it. If chosen to be an SSM, this would be a critical area of development for Ian. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This candidate will be most successful with first years. Because Ian is so social and is a good conversationalist, he would excel in an environment of people willing to meet new people as well. Upperclassmen aren't as willing as first years to leave their rooms and meet new people, so an RA position may not work as well for Ian. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Ian will make a great SSM. He works well with people on the floor and can adapt to different personality types in conversation and interaction, without generating conflict. When on the intramural teams, Ian has been a decent team player, trying to help the team move forward rather than himself. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
This applicant is an excellent candidate for an SSM. He's social without being too intrusive of other's spaces and he isn't afraid to admit he doesn't know something. He is always willing to learn. 
