
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  1:30:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ivan Ognev

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Alan Grusy

Your Position and or Title:
Towers Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
jagrusy@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Ivan since August 2015.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ivan is a very friendly person who is involved in the community. He has many interests and would be able to connect with residents from all types of backgrounds. He has lived all over the world and has experiences in many different types of cultures. He is connected to the campus and would be a good resource for helping others get connected. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
From my experience with him he can be a bit hesitant at times so I can see him developing that by being more confident in his actions and being a leader by example.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe his personality would fit best with first year students. He would be a good role model for incoming students to see. He is involved in the community and knows what it takes to succeed here. His personality is positive and he is one of those people you always see smiling and I think that would reflect well on first year students.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe he would make a good candidate with reservations. From what I have seen in him and how I have gotten to know him, I see a lot of potential and a very capable SSM. I have not gotten to know him on a deeper level at this point, but from my experiences so far with him I think he would do a good job.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Everything I have seen in Ivan is positive in regards to his potential as an SSM. I would like to get to know him on a deeper level though before I would say I am without reservations.
