
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  11:09:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jackson Vance

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Shawn Gregory

Your Position and or Title:
PL

Your Email Address:
shawngregory@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
n a

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
6 months as a PL

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jackson will be able to form a community. He is very emphatic and interpersonal. He will tailor his style for whatever is needed by his community. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Maturity. Jackson likes to be loud and obnoxious at times. If he is to be a PL he would have to watch his behavior more. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
First years.  I think Jackson could work well with anyone. He has a very fluid personality and set of interest. Jackson is able to connect with extroverts and introverts easily and connect a community. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. I believe Jackon's strengths outweight his maturity at this time. I believe he will continue to mature throughout this semester and summer. He will be a great PL next fall.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
None

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
none
