
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  1:56:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
James Michael Wiggins

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Avery Weatherford

Your Position and or Title:
RA

Your Email Address:
aweatherford3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Mike has been a resident on my hall for the 2015-2016 school year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Mike transferred to Georgia Tech as a third year, yet he settled quickly and easily into the Georgia Tech environment. By supporting hall events and getting to know his neighbors on the floor, Mike made an effort to make the fifth floor a more fun environment simply by being a friendly and personable resident. Mike cares about his community. He is amiable and easygoing. Although he did not know his roommates before he came to Tech, his apartment quickly became a close knit group, along with many of the neighboring apartments.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Mike would do well to branch out of his comfort zone, however this would also serve as a strength for him in the SSM position. Mike’s personality would especially appeal to residents who can be hard to reach at times. Mike’s genuine demeanor would be an asset to any floor, for Mike would be able to reach residents of all different personalities. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Mike would perform well in the role of an RA, for he would be good at breaking barriers and getting through the multiple doors in order to reach residents. Mike would be able to get residents out of their rooms and to floor events. He is relatable and would make sure his events and conversations meet residents’ needs. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
Because Mike has experience transforming people who do not know each other into close friends, Mike would make an excellent SSM. Mike has continually supported North Avenue hall events this semester, and he would do the same in the position of an SSM. Mike has the ability to bring people together who at first are not friends. He is approachable and sincere and would bring this authenticity to any staff and floor.         

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No, except that I would highly recommend Mike for any staff.  

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Mike would make an excellent RA for Georgia Tech Housing!
