
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  9:13:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Janel Gale

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Iva Zivojinovic

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
izivojinovic3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I've been Janel's PL since August 2015. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Janel has a reserved and calm personality, which I believe will aid her in drawing out a variety of personality types.  She's involved on campus as a guide for international students and other organizations within Ivan Allen. As a liberal arts students, I believe Janel can bring a different perspective to her floor. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Being an SSM would be an excellent opportunity for Janel to both give to the role and to grow professionally and personally.  I believe this role would provide Janel the opportunity to come out of her shell and learn more about herself. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Janel would work best in an environment with first year students or international students. Janel has a reserved, but calming nature that would best suit first year students. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I believe Janel has quite a bit of potential and would become a great asset to her residents. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Janel has quite a bit of potential to become a great student leader and I believe she has a very bright future ahead of her. 
