
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  12:54:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Je'an Francis (Jeff) Cantilang

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Abhinav Jha

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
ajha@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Jeff as his Peer Leader for a period of 5 months since he arrived at Georgia Tech as a Freshman.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jeff's strength is that he is a very approachable and amiable person, which makes him a great fit as an SSM. I have observed over the last semester that Jeff is very open towards his peers, and has little trouble getting to know and connect with people. He is the kind of person who always likes to bring joy, and I have observed how his room has turned into one of the hangout rooms for the floor.  This by itself shows that Jeff likes to be with people, which I believe would make him a natural SSM.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
The areas I would say Jeff may require training in are related to having serious conversation   confrontation with people. At times, I have noticed how Jeff does not respond appropriately when serious conversations are being had with him.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think that Jeff would work best with First - year students. From my conversations I have gauged that he may not enjoy an RA position as much.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that this candidate would make a good SSM because he operates well with people in general, which is a fundamental requirement of being an SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I find that Jeff is a great individual and he deserves a PL position!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No concerns!
