
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  6:26:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jere Tan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Morgan Foreman

Your Position and or Title:
MTH SSM

Your Email Address:
maforeman17@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Jere has been my resident for the past semester and has been a great community member on the hall. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jere is very warm and inclusive to everyone she meets. She is also very patient. She can be energetic or be the person to bring discipline and focus. I think she would be a great SSM because of these and many other qualities that would allow her to create safe spaces and fun environments. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Through being an SSM, I would hope to see Jere grow a little stronger in her voice. She is definitely always soft spoken but I can tell she has the power to lead in her when given the opportunity. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I would say mostly first-years because Jere would be able to share her recent experiences with the residents. When I asked Jere why she wanted to be an SSM she said 'I'm okay not being the life of the party, but I enjoy getting other people around me to have fun, and this is something I look forward to doing if I become an RA' which I believe is really important when working with freshman because you want them to have the confidence to feel like they can shine in whatever room they go into. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes! As I mentioned before, she always has a smile on her face and is really patient. I think she would create a great community and become a great leader on her hall. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
