
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  12:47:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jermaine Medley

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Melvin Pitts

Your Position and or Title:
Personal Banker Business Advocate

Your Email Address:
melvin.l.pittsjr@wellsfargo.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Mentor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have become quite close to Jermaine in my three years of knowing him. I served as the mentor for his 'Round Table' initiative at Centennial Place Elementary School.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jermaine is an extremely kind-hearted and patient young man. He takes the time to carefully think his way through dilemmas. What I love most about him is his inclination to inquire when he doesn't know something. His main strengths are his humility, ambition, and charisma - hands down. Speaking from years of experience, it takes a wise man to admit that he doesn't know something. Jermaine is not only one to do so, but he is very quick to find out the answer. He is one of the most well-rounded young men that I know and I feel that he would make a terrific RA.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
The one area of improvement that comes to mind is Jermaine's ability to accept that he is only human. He places a lot of stress on himself to do exceedingly well in all of his endeavors. Whether it is being a member of Kappa Alpha Psi or teaching a group of elementary schoolers what racism is, I've seen him prepare like no other college student that I've met before. With that being said, he doesn't always take the time to sit back and reflect on his laurels. He simply moves on to the next task at hand. I remember explicitly the day after he finished pledging to the fraternity, he came into my office and began to inquire on expanding his 'Round Table' initiative into Centennial Place Elem. - where he currently runs the program. As an RA, I want him to be able to pause, breathe, and enjoy life on campus.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Jermaine is a very mature individual that gets along with the most difficult people. I see him twice each week and, without fail, he demonstrates kindness and sincerity with everyone that he works with. Personally, I feel Jermaine would work better with students his own age, if not older; simply from the standpoint that he would not feel the need to always guide them. Jermaine naturally takes the lead is ensuring the wellbeing in those around him. Without the hassle of having to deal with younger, more naive students, I believe that he could put more focus into developmental projects for students his own age.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I truly believe Jermaine Medley is the ideal SSM. He is not perfect, but he is genuine. He works hard to better himself and I know that he would inspire others as he has me.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Please consider Jermaine for a position!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
