
Date Submitted
12 19 2015  6:15:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jessica Trottier

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Anne Gregory

Your Position and or Title:
occupational therapist

Your Email Address:
annesaves@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Jessica has been our summer babysitter for the past 2 years

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
We have known Jessica for 2 years. She has watched our 3 young kids for the past 2 summers.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Reliable, caring, flexible, accommodating, dedicated, helpful, sincere, organized, mediation.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
?

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I served at an RA in a upperclass hall and I was a Graduate Hall Direction throughout graduate school. Thinking upon my experiences, I think Jessica would be excellent as a first year RA. She is very caring, a good listener, and very resourceful. She has mediated many an argument among our children. I also think she could deal well with upperclassman. I know it can be hard to create community in an upperclassman hall when everyone has usually already created their group of friends, but she is very good at thinking outside of the box and would fill this role well.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Definitely. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Jessica is very personable and thinks quickly on her feet. My kids love how caring and creative she is.
