
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  8:29:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ji Eun Lim

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amanda Hui

Your Position and or Title:
PL on FFM Staff

Your Email Address:
amandahui@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was Ji Eun's RA and suite mate last year (2014-2015) in Woodruff.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ji Eun is a friendly, outgoing individual who immediately got plugged into our floor community last year in Woodruff. She is willing to try new things and has a unique background as an international student from Burma that I think will bring a fresh perspective to any potential staff she joins.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think that being an SSM would give her the opportunity to learn a lot about leadership since she hasn't had much experience in the past. From interacting with her and seeing how she interacts with others, I think that she has a lot of potential to be a great leader, someone that her peers will admire and look up to.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Ji Eun would work well with upperclass students, although I wouldn't hesitate to say that she has potential to be a great PL as well. She tends to be more hands-off in her personal relationships, but is always there for her friends when they need her which I think would be a personality quality that would click well with the RA position.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes! Ji Eun is responsible, motivated, and hard-working, which are all great qualities in any person that you would want to have on a SSM staff team. I've seen a lot of potential in her for the past two years and I think that becoming an SSM will be a good challenge and growing experience for her.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Nope!
