
Date Submitted
12 15 2015  10:44:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jianna Mariel V Caronan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Palavi Vaidya

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
vpalavi@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Jianna came to me when she needed to make a huge adult decision about finances at Georgia Tech this past semester. Since the beginning of the school year, Jianna has made sure to always be available for others. She is very confident and has roots in her belief and values. She will make sure that no one stands in between her way of pursuing her dreams. Jianna and I have gotten to know each other very well also because of our sorority. She is extremely passionate, and I only have wonderful things to say about her personality and character. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jianna posses multitasking skills, communication skills, and has the confidence and courage to tackle any problem she faces. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Jianna has the burden of worrying about finances and loans as she studied at Tech. This sometimes can  be frustrating and stressful in her life. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
first years DEFINITELY  also good with upperclassmen 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
YESSS :)   Jianna came to me when she needed to make a huge adult decision about finances at Georgia Tech this past semester. Since the beginning of the school year, Jianna has made sure to always be available for others. She is very confident and has roots in her belief and values. She will make sure that no one stands in between her way of pursuing her dreams. Jianna and I have gotten to know each other very well also because of our sorority. She is extremely passionate, and I only have wonderful things to say about her personality and character. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Average

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
none
