
Date Submitted
12 17 2015  9:49:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jin Bae

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Susan Mower

Your Position and or Title:
International Student Advisor

Your Email Address:
smower@simons-rock.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
International Student Advisor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
As the International Student Adviser, I worked closely with Jin  Bae from the time she first arrived at our campus (Bard College at Simon's Rock) in Fall 2012 until she transferred after the Fall 2014 semester. I got to know her very well through discussions about SEVIS regulations, on-campus jobs and leadership, and the transfer process.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jin is mature and resourceful, astute and knowledgeable. She is a model of academic success, and humble and empathetic. Her demeanor is friendly and she she is a serious student. She relates extremely well to both students and staff, administrators, and faculty. She was the president of our International Student Club at Bard College at Simon's Rock, and she organized activities and provided mentorship.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I am not sure about this. Jin has let me know that as a transfer student she has thrived at Georgia Tech. As a leader here at a Bard College at Simon's Rock, she had a very small community. I think a challenge might be in working in the scope of a university your size.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Jin's strength with first year students would be her empathy in understanding the challenges of adjusting and navigating the university. As an international student, when she first attended Bard College at Simon's Rock, she had to adjust to a different culture, and to attend college at an early age. In making the transition to Georgia Tech, she successfully navigated the challenges of a larger university, and has continued to thrive. Her strength with upperclass students would be her knowledge of challenges, resources, a wide range of liberal arts, and how to succeed at a high level academically as she has proved herself.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely. Jin takes her responsibilities seriously. She is mature and knows how to handle complex situations. She is a person who others feel comfortable approaching. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I had the privilege of knowing Jin  from when she was a first year student until she transferred. She grew tremendously during this time. She stepped up to leadership roles as she matured, at the same time succeeding academically at a high level. When she transferred, I was very proud to 'send off' a mature and professional young woman.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I am pleased to recommend Jin Bae most highly. Thank you.
