
Date Submitted
1 5 2016  9:57:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jin Soo Kim

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
John Morehouse

Your Position and or Title:
Director, Manufacturing Education Programs, GTMI

Your Email Address:
john.morehouse@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Jin Soo served as a Federal Work Study student researcher under my guidance during the Fall 2015 semester. In this role he performed independent research to understand hiring trends in the manufacturing workforce. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jin Soo is very friendly and approachable. He is polite, considerate, courteous, and respectful. He is also very flexible, open to changes in direction of projects and responsibilities, and always willing to help. He is also an independent thinker and willing to take on necessary work that he identifies on his own. Finally, he has a good sense of humor.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Although this aspect of his personality was not fully evaluated in our relationship, I think that he could be a little more out-going. He seems a little shy to me so I'm not sure about the idea of him 'bringing general enthusiasm to the residential communities' at this point. However, even though he seems somewhat introverted, he definitely has a positive attitude about everything. This could be a great opportunity for him to grow! 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Again, this aspect of his personality was not heavily evaluated in our relationship. However, I would say that he would be great with first-year students. He is a very approachable person, he's humble, and he has a positive attitude. I also get the sense that he would enjoy helping first-year students through their transition. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, absolutely. I think that he has the fundamental personality traits to be very good in this role. I also think that it will be an excellent opportunity for him to grow. I'm encouraged that he is applying for this role. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No. 

Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None. 
