
Date Submitted
1 4 2016  6:08:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jonathan Faris

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Matthew Daigle

Your Position and or Title:
PL HHC

Your Email Address:
Mdaigle6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
The applicant is one of my residents. I have known him since August move in.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jon's greatest strengths are his natural leadership abilities, his charisma, and his ability to work with a team. Having served this semester as the President of the HHC Hall Council, Jon demonstrates these qualities on a regular basis. Jon never meets a stranger and can engage in conversation with anyone. He is always willing and able to build relationships with new people. I highly recommend Jon Farris.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
At times, Jon's strengths are also a weakness. Jon occasionally struggles to see when he should follow, even when he might be a suitable leader. The opportunity to serve as a peer leader will give him the chance to grow in this area, giving him the chance to lead freshmen, but also learning how to follow when he starts with a new staff.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I honestly believe Jon Farris will be able to work with any level of students. I feel that his enthusiasm and charisma more suited for freshmen, as I know he will easily get them excited for the year and help them get established on campus.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Jon Farris is perhaps the most qualified applicant I've had the pleasure of recommending for an SSM position. He knows his strengths and weaknesses and will make an excellent SSM. I truly hope I have the opportunity to work closely with Jon.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Jon has served as the President of the HHC Hall Council this year and still held a GPA of 3.8. He has demonstrated that he is able to balance his academic responsibilities with his leadership opportunities!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Jon received a perfect score because I know that he is fully qualified for the position. He demonstrates exceptional ability in each of the above categories. In short, he is an exemplary candidate and I give him a perfect score because he truly deserves it. 
