
Date Submitted
12 20 2015  9:32:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Jonathan Raines Procter

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Kantwon Rogers

Your Position and or Title:
PL

Your Email Address:
krogers34@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Jonathan is my current resident in Smith. I have known him since the beginning of Fall 2015

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Jonathan is a very fun and open minded person. He is able to connect and relate to people from many different backgrounds and has a great sense of professionalism. He also is involved in multiple clubs and organizations, so he would be able to impart his knowledge to future residents. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As with most SSMs, I anticipate that Jonathan would have to develop his conflict management skills. However, I believe that he will easily improve upon this. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Jonathan would be better suited to interact with 1st year students.   Jonathan does best when interacting with open-minded people like himself. He enjoys some level of freedom in the things he does, so he would not mesh with individuals who are entirely too controlling. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. Jonathan is a great guy. Throughout the year he has been involved in many hall activities and has made himself an important part of the Smith community. He is able to relate and connect with people from different backgrounds and he is very dependable and would do his best to make sure he fulfills and exceeds the SSM duties. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Nope
