
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  7:53:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Joseph Levy

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Phoebe Bronstein

Your Position and or Title:
Marion L. Brittain Fellow

Your Email Address:
phoebe.bronstein@lmc.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I met Joseph at the beginning of the Fall 2015 term, when he enrolled in my English 1101 course on music videos. Because it was a small (about 16 students) discussion-based course, I got to know Joseph quite well over the course of the term. He is now also enrolled in my English 1102 course.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Joseph is a natural leader and has a lot of experience leading and working with groups of students.  For example, he currently is a youth organizer and leader for Maccabi Tzair CLAM. In this position, he organizes community-building workshops for youth and he’s had experience planning events and resolving interpersonal conflicts. In addition, Joseph is outgoing and easy to get along with—qualities I’ve seen firsthand in my classroom as he collaborated with his peers on group projects. I believe that his leadership and organizing experience along with his enthusiasm would serve Joseph incredibly well in this position.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I'm not quite sure. I think Joseph is really  well equipped for this position. I'm sure that if offered it, he would continue to improve his communication and collaboration skills just by virtue of practice and experience  (which are already strong).

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Joseph would be great with incoming honors or Grand Challenges students because I think he has experience—and has truly enjoyed and benefitted from—the living learning community of the honors program. In addition, I think he is highly motivated academically and would be a great resource for incoming students. That said, I’m sure he would be great in any dorm!

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
Yes, I think Joseph would be a great SSM. As I said earlier, I think Joseph’s outgoing personality and ability to talk and work with a wide variety of personalities would serve him incredibly well in this position. In addition, I think he would be encouraging to incoming students and excited to work with them, which would help create a welcoming environment. Lastly, I think Joseph has done a great job connecting with his professors and participating in the broader Tech community. As such, I think he is uniquely equipped to support and help students entering college.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I think Joseph would make a great PL and be a great resource and support for incoming freshman.
