
Date Submitted
1 3 2016  3:55:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Josh Singh

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Chris Lung

Your Position and or Title:
Field 3 Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
Chrislung8@yahoo.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N a

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
4 months

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Josh is fun and gets along with pretty much everyone on the hall. More importantly, while Josh in involved he is frequently around the hall which helps builds community. He also know hows to rally the residents, when I need residents to show up for something, Josh is one of the guys I go to first. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
There are no major areas of development for Josh. I would say that his room ( a quad) is often messy but I am confident he will have a cleaner room and as a result, a more welcoming room for his future residents

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
First years would be his best. He would work well in a traditional FE housing on east because he is social and enjoys meeting new people. He would work the least well with upperclassmen and grad students.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. Josh would be a good SSM because he is social and has a solid base. He understands how to get his work done but also enjoys having fun and likes mingling on the floor. He is someone everyone will like and would be a great addition to any FE staff.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
