
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  1:57:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Joshua Mellott

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Will Campiglia

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
wcampiglia3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Friend and fellow member of the GT Cheerleading Squad

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
We have been close as friends and on the cheer team since May of 2014.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
This applicant carries a good attitude on his shoulders at all times. Joshua has the capacity for handling both positive and negative situations in a calm manner. He is passionate about everything he is involved in and makes sure to share that passion with others. His interpersonal and problem solving skills are some of the best I've seen since I've come to Tech, and are also fairly similar to my own. He has a very fun and inviting personality along with strong encouragement skills that will definitely help with engaging residents and building good, trusting relationships. In fact, although he is a second year living in North Avenue Apartments, Joshua has been able to keep up many of relationships he developed on his hall freshman year. In addition, his time management skills are excellent. In question #13 I will list his involvements to prove this.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Although I can think of a couple areas of development, they don't really link to the SSM position. I suppose its possible that he may struggle creativity-wise with events and such, but I have no proof of this, just the knowledge that he has been more involved in participating and helping out with events in the past rather than creating them himself. However, he is the main writer for his band, so his creativity skills probably aren't lacking.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I can see this resident being successful with both upperclassmen and freshman. Joshua's inspiring and upfront personality could definitely keep his freshman involved throughout the school year. However, he can also be laid back and allow people to do their own thing when needed. From what I understand is something upperclassmen prefer from their RA's. Either way, he is capable of accomplishing anything he puts his efforts into, so he won't have much of a problem building the type of community that his residents will enjoy. The personalities he links the best with are simply people that are comfortable being in a small group setting with a good attitude. If they allow it, Joshua will ensure that they enjoy themselves whenever this occurs. He doesn't have a specific personality that he doesn't work well with, but he prefers his co-workers be competent in their positions, so if there are any slackers on his staff there may be some roadblocks in that relationship.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely. Joshua is capable of producing strong bonds for his relationships in a surprisingly small amount of time. He is also one of the most inclusive people I know and never hesitates to bring two of his friends together even if they didn't know each other beforehand. His interpersonal talents along with his situational skills would go hand in hand in this job, so I am excited to see him apply and hopefully create a great community for GT Housing.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I mentioned before that I would explain Josh's time management skills. His involvements on campus include GT cheerleading, which I can personally vouch for takes at least 16 hours a week during football and basketball seasons. He is also the guitarist for his band Iron Core, which practices at least 3 hours a week and has been in several campus showcases. Another involvement of his is that he is a member of the Phi Sigma Pi honors fraternity here on campus, where he helps with monthly events. All of this and he still makes time to be successful in school and hang out with friends.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A.
