
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  2:09:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Karan Shah

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Hemanth Koralla

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
hemanth.koralla3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Peer

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Karan for 1 year now and have worked very closely with him in the classroom and in many external projects. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Karan is a very thoughtful person that will go out of his way to help his friends in need. He has a very understanding personality and accepts people of all mindsets. In addition, Karan is a very organized person. He plans everything to a very minute detail. His caring character and organized mindset will enable him to be a great PL. He would be able to mediate conflicts very well as well as organize large scale events that will create a strong community in his hall. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As a potential SSM, Karan could work on becoming better at initiating conversation and spurring interactions among residents. Although he is a very social person, he usually isn't the one to start large group conversation and this position will require him to do so.  It would help his job a lot if he gets better at doing this. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Karan's personality and skill set would be suited for both first years and upperclassmen however,  I think he is best suited to work with upperclassmen. He is good at engaging conversation with those older than him and can convince them to attend his community events. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I do believe that Karan would make a good SSM. He has a caring heart and is a born leader. He will be able to create a wonderful community for his hall regardless the class of his residents (freshmen or upperclassmen). He is very organized so he will be able to conduct everything in a very timely manner and  will also be able to plan great events for his community. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Karan is a very thoughtful and hardworking individual. He will definitely work hard to create his Hall's community and ensure that all of his residents feel welcome and safe. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
He is a very thoughtful and caring person! Definitely a person that you would want on your staff!
