
Date Submitted
1 5 2016  5:15:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Karima Alkhalid

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Annette Clifford

Your Position and or Title:
Summer Camp Coordinator Administrative Professional

Your Email Address:
acliffor@cc.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Karima Alkhalid has been working for me in the College of Computings Outreach Department for at least 4 years now. She began when she was a high school student at Gwinnett School of Math and Science. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
 Karima has proved to be a trusted leader, friend, and motivator of her fellow workers and peers. Her energy, enthusiasm and  commitment to any endeavor enables her  to organize events, projects, teach workshops and classes, produce videos and promotional materials.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Karima is a young woman mature beyond her years. She is  able to listen to other peoples issues and or problems and empathize or sympathize as necessary. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Karima works well with everyone in our department from high school students to college seniors.   

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
If she should get this position, she would be an extremely dependable employee  that gets along with everyone she meets, and is able to not only lead but mentor other students as well.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
hould you require more specific information, please feel free to contact me by the email provided or phone me at 404- 385-4029.  Annette Clifford Outreach Resource Manager College of Computing Outreach, Enrollment, and Community

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
You would be very lucky to have this young woman in your employment. 
