
Date Submitted
12 2 2015  8:40:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Katherine Kwasniak

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Henley Sawicki

Your Position and or Title:
Educator

Your Email Address:
henley.sawicki@cherokee.k12.ga.us

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
High School teacher

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Katherine Kwasniak for four years as a classroom student, extracurricular volunteer, and student leader. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Katherine is an exceptional candidate for leadership among her peers at Georgia Tech. She thrives on leadership responsibilities, enjoys interacting with new people, and she excels at organizing events and promoting participation. She has shown over the years that she can unite people of various personalities and cultural backgrounds. Katherine truly loves meeting new people and making them feel comfortable and a part of a family.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
In this role, Katherine could continue to develop her leadership skills. She was able to use her skills in small arenas throughout high school leading our Science Olympiad team. In addition, she worked after school to develop leadership skills in her Sea Scout adventures as well as a leader counselor at Woodruff Scout Camp. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Katherine is a welcoming personality that would be extremely beneficial for incoming freshman at Georgia Tech. She is motivated, positive, goal-oriented, involved, and most of all encouraging. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Katherine would be an exceptional candidate for this position. From what I know of this program, Katherine is the perfect fit. Everything she has done in the last four years has prepared her for this position. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
When Katherine approached me about writing this recommendation for her, she explained the position to me. As she finished her description I was so excited to complete this for her because she is the ideal candidate for this position. She is a natural leader, a positive influence on her peers, an understanding and supportive person, and also a person that is understanding and accessible. 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Please consider my recommendation of Katherine Kwasniak with the highest regard. Feel free to contact me for more information at 770-361-1431 if needed. 
