
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  4:03:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Katharine F. Delaney

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
William Farquhar

Your Position and or Title:
History Teacher

Your Email Address:
wfarquhar@visi.org

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
High-school teacher (2 years)

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Kate was in my 11th-grade year-long U.S. History class and my 12th-grade year-long Macroeconomics seminar.  She was also a leader of the school's Asian interests Club, for which I served as Moderator.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Kate has the experience and empathy to connect with all sorts of people.  Because she was a success at both athletics (earning city-wide recognition) and academics, her advice gets immediate respect.  She also helped her weakest classmates (one of whom probably would not have graduated without Kate's constant help). She can tailor her approach to different situations, using a gentle good humor to build up the insecure and a wry, insightful humor to to build rapport with the stronger personalities.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Kate's sense of respect to her elders could be a weakness if she were in the position of advising people with more experience than hers.  It is unlikely that she would put herself in such a position, though.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Kate works well with the strong personalities. Even the hostile students gravitate to her; she then helps them warm up and contribute positively to the community. She also does a good job of reaching out to the introverts: her ability to bond with almost anyone over almost anything helps those 'quirky personalities' to open up and feel appreciated.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Kate's ability to reach out to the strongest and the weakest will make all feel welcome, and her wry good humor will help them overcome any differences. Her example of hard work and good cheer will help them improve their academic lot, as well.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
In one 24-hour period as a high-school Senior, Kate presented a paper at a symposium of Catholic schools, she was the MVP when her team won the DC private-school basketball championship, and she gave a model presentation, complete with wry commentary, in my economics class. This exemplifies her wide-range of abilities: her ability to connect with others, her leadership, and her willingness to help people in different experiences.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
She gets a lower score on 'Self-confidence' than on other factors because Kate does not yet realize her true potential.
