
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  11:00:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Katherine Turrentine

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jackie Anderson

Your Position and or Title:
Global Messaging Engineer

Your Email Address:
jackie.anderson@lendlease.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Family Friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been friends with Katherine's parents for the past 29 years.  I have known Katherine all her life.  I visited her in the hospital when she was born.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Katherine was born a natural leader.  She stays very active in her family, her school and her community.  She is the type of person that looks for opportunities to make a situation better.   In high school she started a recognition and reward program to motivate students to show good behavior daily.  The program was a huge success.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Katherine is good at motivating others so I believe she should continue to learn new ways to engage and motivate others.  Katherine strives to become a better person and learn a new way to engage others every day.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Katherine is a very fair person so she would work well with most residents (freshmen to seniors).  She does not jump to judgement but listens to everyone's concerns.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe Katherine would make a great RA PL.  She tries to engage everyone in the solution when there is a problem.  She listens to all sides of an argument and is very fair.  She does not get swayed easily and stands by her values.  Her family has done a wonderful job of instilling wonderful values in Katherine.  She is amazing.  She is honest, caring and very dependable.  If Katherine commits to something she does everything in her power to fulfil her commitment.  She does not bend the rules because someone is trying to bully her.  She stands tough.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I have always been amazed at Katherine and so impressed with her.  She trully shines as a young adult and has set high goals for herself in her life.  I know she will attain whatever she works to achieve.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Katherine has always been highly motivated and set high goals for herself.  I've never seen her sit on the sidelines and watch.  She wants to be involved in making the world a better place to live in whether that means her dorm, her school or her job.  She challenges everyone around her to become a better person and contribute to make this a better world.
