
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  9:24:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Katie Bruss

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amanda Hui

Your Position and or Title:
PL on FFM Staff

Your Email Address:
amandahui@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been her PL since August 2015.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Katie is a very friendly person. Anyone who talks to her will instantly feel at ease and comfortable. I think that she possesses a lot of great interpersonal skills that are important to have in an SSM and would be a great candidate to consider.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Honestly can't think of any areas that particularly standout. I think that as a SSM, Katie has the potential to further develop her leadership skills during this time in college.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think that Katie would be successful with all types of residents, but especially with first-years because she has a lot of mentoring potential.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, without a doubt! I think that Katie would be a fantastic SSM. She is caring, empathetic, friendly, and already possesses qualities of a leader and mentor.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Not Applicable

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Nope
