
Date Submitted
12 15 2015  8:32:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Kavir Jones

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Natasha Chrisandina

Your Position and or Title:
National Communications Coordinator

Your Email Address:
ncc@rha.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
RHA Executive Board liaison

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
In Summer 2015, I was his hall council's RHA Executive Board liaison. In Fall 2015, I chaired an RHA committee that he was a part of.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Kavir is a very loyal person. From his time as a hall council officer, I saw his dedication to his residents firsthand as he willingly takes time out of his already-busy summer to put on events for them. He pushed through (literal) wind and rain to make sure residents who showed up for events didn’t leave disappointed. His administrative skills as a Finance Coordinator was on-point, as the RHA Executive Board never had a problem processing his paperwork and people got their money back on time, every time. I believe, however, that his biggest strength is his ability to relate to his residents. As a very “chill” person, he provides a welcoming atmosphere to people attending his hall council events. Striking up conversations about board games, Wii characters and art (he also happens to be part of Georgia Tech’s Art Club) comes naturally to him and residents appreciate his easygoing attitude.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I’ve worked with Kavir first as his hall council RHA liaison and then as the chair to an RHA committee he belongs to, and one area he is definitely growing in is taking more initiatives that go beyond his job description. As he grew in his hall council position, he started taking on more and more additional duties while still having a firm grasp on his own. However, he realizes he still has a lot of growing to do and uses any opportunity he can find to develop that sense of taking initiatives.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
As much as I believe that Kavir would serve all kinds of residents well, I think he’d work best with upperclass students. His laid-back attitude is well-suited for students who already have a grasp on life at Tech. All the events he’s organized for his hall council have been very flexible and informal because he feels that programs that allow residents to come at their own time end up attracting more residents due to its accommodating nature (which fits Kavir as a person). He works best with people who are willing to take the first step and reach out to him, since he generally does not force himself onto other people but instead waits for them to initiate contact.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Kavir has all the makings of a good SSM. He’s a people person in the sense that he loves helping people without overwhelming them, which presents him in a more approachable light to residents. He has strong administrative skills, which would come in handy especially during check-in and check-out times when SSMs have to process a lot of paperwork in a short span of time. He also has experience planning and running programs, so he knows what works for residents and what doesn’t. Given the opportunity, Kavir would run with it and make the best experience possible for the residents on his floor.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
