
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  6:06:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Kavin Somu

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Omar Masri

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
omasri3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant for 5 months now, and he is my resident. We interact daily.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
This applicant has great talking skills. He is able to easily connect with people and is able to understand how his actions affect others.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
This applicant may need to develop in his counseling skills, but I think this will come with time and maturity. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would be most successful with first year students. He works well with both introverts and extroverts, as mentioned above has great people skills. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
This candidate would make a great ssm because he is able to communicate very well with many different kinds of people.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
As a candidate he is in my opinion the resident who acts most like a PL. He is my only recommendation, so I do think he is worth at least an interview in the SSM position, and is a great candidate for the job.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Everything has been said.
