
Date Submitted
1 8 2016  9:04:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Kellie Tracy

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Johnny Resto

Your Position and or Title:
Assistant Manager at Zaxby's

Your Email Address:
jresto96@hotmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Kellie for almost 2 years now, since she began working at Zaxby's in April of 2014. Kellie worked under me as a cashier. We often worked on the same shifts, so I am very familiar with her work ethic.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Kellie is a very friendly person. Our Zaxby's customers often submitted surveys of Kellie, stating that she gave them great customer service. She always was a great communicator to our customers to make sure they received exactly what they wanted. Kellie is also great at organizing events. She helped put together our Christmas work party last year. She even went out and bought holiday decorations for the restaurant with her own money to put all our workers in a good mood during the holiday season. Lastly, Kellie works great with others. I could put her with any other cashiers during a shift, and she would get the job done every time, no matter who the other cashiers or cooks were. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think Kellie could develop her connections to services around the school more. Because she is only a freshmen at Tech, I think she is still finding services offered around campus. However, I think she will be familiar enough with all campus services by next year that she will be able to connect other students to these services.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Kellie would be most successful with first-year students. I believe this because Kellie really helped all of our new employees at Zaxby's. I could tell she really enjoyed showing them around and showing them how everything works in Zaxby's. She made them feel welcomed and part of our Zaxby's family. I think Kellie could make freshmen feel welcomed to college in the same way she made new employees feel welcomed. Kellie works well with easy-going, friendly personalities. However, she will make it a point to work well with any person no matter what personality they have. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe Kellie would make a good SSM. She is one of the friendliest cashiers I have worked with at Zaxby's. She is willing to help anyone with any task that is thrown her way. Kellie really loves to make people feel like they are part of something and she is great at bringing people together.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Kellie was an overall great employee to work with, and I hope you will see how great of a worker, friend, and leader she is!
