
Date Submitted
1 1 2016  5:49:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Kevin Cheng

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Ali Azadi

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
aazadi3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the resident for one semester, acting as a PL in their area

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Among several of the several strength's Kevin has is his sociability. Based on his nature, Kevin is innately excellent at forming friendships and displaying empathy, which lends itself very well to community building- a vital component of the SSM role.  Kevin is also very driven in terms of reaching his goals, which I feel is vital in terms of the Peer Leader position. His drive allows him to act as a great role model to others, including those his age, who are readily able to see and be motivated by his passion. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Kevin is already a rather strong applicant. If I were to pinpoint any area of development for Kevin, it would be ensure he is efficiently managing his involvements. However, I am confident Kevin will be able to do so, as he has proven himself to be able to do this past year. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Kevin would be most suited to work with first-year students, due to his social nature and ability to empathize with others. This would be vital in aiding first year students in their transition into their college careers. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Kevin would make an excellent SSM. His passion, determination, and approachability make him a perfect candidate to  aid students. I believe this is a position he truly cares for and will work hard to fulfill to the best of his abilities. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None
