
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  9:23:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Khue Tran

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Aida Mokube

Your Position and or Title:
FFM PL

Your Email Address:
aidamokube@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been the PL of this applicant this year

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Khue is approachable, kind and does her best to help those around her. She is very active on the floor and does her best to engage with residents not only on our floor but also in our area.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Khue is not the most organized (for example I was asked to write this rec less than a week before the due date). She has also slept through classes.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Khue is very versatile and can work with any group of students. I know she would prefer working with first-year students.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe with some tips and training on time management, Khue would be AWESOME! Other than that, she is a great applicant and is willing to work with others and values everyone's opinion.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Average

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
time management
