
Date Submitted
12 28 2015  11:35:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Krina Patel

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Aida Mokube

Your Position and or Title:
FFM PL

Your Email Address:
aidamokube@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Krina Patel is my current resident. I have known her since August.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Krina Patel is very dedicated. When she takes on a role she makes sure to complete it as best as she can. For example she was selected as a floor rep for Hall council and never once missed a meeting. She also asked me about the various ways she can better promote hall council events on the floor. She definitely goes above and beyond and is willing to learn when she does not know.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Krina doesn't know many residents on the floor. She tries her best to say hello, keeps her door open and talks to who ever walks by so I see the potential, but as of now no strong connections have been made. Krina also goes home every weekend. I talked to her about this, and she said that she would limit how much she goes home as an SSM because she is dedicated to being the best SSM as she can be.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe she will be best with first year students mostly because I believe she may feel out of place with upperclassmen, she makes comments sometimes about feeling awkward leading people that are older than her. She is also a very good role model and will be someone a first year student would be able to confide in.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Krina will be a good SSM. My reasoning is because she is easy to work with, kind, a great role model, fun, and loves to learn and improve herself. These qualities will make her a team player on any team and will allow her to become a great SSM through training and learning.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A discussed in previous questions
