
Date Submitted
1 15 2016  11:12:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Lincoln LeRoy

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Lauren McDow

Your Position and or Title:
Corporate Relations Manager

Your Email Address:
lauren.mcdow@scheller.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Staff Member

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Lincoln is a freshman, and I've known him since he started at freshman orientation. He was a student in my GT1000 class as well.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Maturity, calmness, organization, proactiveness, professionalism.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I cannot think of any. Lincoln is one of the most impressive and mature freshmen I've ever known.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Lincoln can work effectively with an extremely wide array of people. On the business case competition team he led in GT1000, he had another highly effective teammate and then a couple who were not contributing their weight. The personalities were highly variable, and Lincoln was the bridge-building, consensus=finder, project manager, and true shining leader to get the unusual combination of people to a very successful presentation. He handled things calmly and extremely professionally.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely. Lincoln manages his time so effectively and attended important programming last semester than almost no other freshman attended. He is a star and a true example of what an effective Georgia Tech student should be. I am very confident that he would be one of the most effective SSMs you have had in a long, long time.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I am a graduate of Georgia Tech and served as a freshman partner (even winning the Billiee Pendleton-Parker Freshman Partner of the Year award in 2007. I feel like I have a robust understanding of what is needed in an SSM, and I cannot think of a more fitting person than Lincoln Leroy. Thank you for considering him for this opportunity.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I want to gush about Lincoln as much as possibly but feel like I did that in prior questions. I hope he does well in your process because future residents would benefit immensely from living in an environment facilitated by Lincoln.
