
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  12:26:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Luke Austin La'akea Passmore

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Aniruddha Nadkarni

Your Position and or Title:
Student Staff Member (Peer Leader) - Glenn Hall

Your Email Address:
aniruddha.nadkarni@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Austin for the Fall semester of 2015 as his Peer Leader.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Austin is excellent at connecting with others and is always willing to help in any situation. He is a great listener and is adept at discerning when to give advice and when it is better to provide support. His abilities to bring enthusiasm to a group and make everyone feel welcome are key points that will help him should he become an SSM.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Austin should take some time to determine how to engage in the interests of others more actively. Often, he is very passionate about his interests and will voice his opinions, but may (seemingly) lose interest when discussing things outside of his expertise. I think it is important that he take the time to understand how he should use discussions about subjects with which he is unfamiliar to his advantage, and be able to become a more active listener and conversationalist.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Austin would be most successful with first-years; his personality is very welcoming and encouraging, so he will be very helpful for new students to become familiar in the Tech environment.  Austin works well with most personalities, but I would say he may have the most difficulty with people who are very reserved and keep to themselves. He may not know how to engage them, if necessary, and may unintentionally push them away if they approach him, as he might struggle to connect with their interests if they don't align at all with his own.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Austin would make an excellent SSM. He has the skills necessary to make almost anyone feel welcome and is fantastic at fostering a healthy community environment.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
