
Date Submitted
12 8 2015  2:32:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Madeline Ben-Yoseph

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Karina Clark

Your Position and or Title:
Student Staff Member

Your Email Address:
kclark71@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Maddy is my resident and I have known her for a full semester. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
I believe Maddy would make a great SSM due to her charismatic attitude, her drive to be great at everything she does, and her great listening skills.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Maddy is a people person. I believe she could develop some great leadership skills from becoming an SSM. It would be a learning opportunity for both her and her residents. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I belive Maddy would be most successful with first-years as a PL. She is extremely friendly while also being committed to what she does. Maddy seems to work best with other charismatic attitudes and even connects with some of the shier people on our hall. The personality she would mesh least with would be an indifferent person who doesn't really care about what is happening. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Maddy would make a great SSM. On my hall she is one of the few people that seems to be friends with everyone and cares about everyone. She always takes the time to ask how your day was and genuinely listen. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Maddy is the type of person you want on your team. From sports she has learned to be a great team player, she knows how to listen to instructions, and she strives to do the absolute best she can in every situation. 
