
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  2:56:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Madhu Baskaran

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Palavi Vaidya

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
vpalavi@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Staff Member

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Madhu is a first year student that showed interest in Biomedical Engineering and her career in medicine. After sharing my experiences, she started instantly asking questions and related the answers to her own life. Madhu and I had this experience in our sorority Alpha Gamma Delta. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Madhu's strengths include her ability to manage her time as a incoming freshman, being able to present herself professionally, and also asking thought-provoking questions and finding solutions to questions not answered yet. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I strongly believe that Madhu's area of development involve her branching out of her comfort zone and also being able to communicate better. I think this SSM job will help her learn how to do both of the listed developmental areas. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think she would do a phenomenal job as a Peer Leader! She demonstrates so much tenacity in everything she commits her time to and I believe her ability to sympathize with residents would be beneficial to any staff on this campus. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes! please see above answer for justification. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Below Average

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None
