
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  3:56:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Madison Tucker

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Mark Wheeler

Your Position and or Title:
Associate Professor

Your Email Address:
mark.wheeler@psych.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Madison has been doing undergraduate research in my lab since the start of the Fall 2015 semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Madison is exceptionally friendly and approachable. I was very impressed that she approached me before her first semester to talk about a research opportunity in the lab. She has been a real pleasure to work with. She jumps in to help with anything that comes up does it with enthusiasm. For example, a critical team member went overseas for the semester abroad program, and Madison, though she was very new, stepped in to do the research activities. She has been such a big help to us in the lab. I would expect the same level of commitment and productivity as a PL. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
None of note. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
My guess is that Madison would work best with most students. We had a discussion about her PL application and she noted that she has experience (as a counselor) working with many types of people to get them involved or help out. She noted that she does especially well with shy people. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, for the reasons stated above. Madison is enthusiastic, responsible, and eager to be involved. She loves the though of being able impact peoples' lives in a positive way. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Not Applicable

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Not Applicable

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Madison is just a wonderful person. 
