
Date Submitted
12 23 2015  9:30:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Maggie Leach

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Thomas Prudenti

Your Position and or Title:
Education Programs Coordinator

Your Email Address:
tommyp@ctcharlotte.org

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Maggie has been involved in our theatre programs for many years but has also served as an intern for the Education department for over 2 years.  

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Maggie has a take charge attitude and one of her strengths would be self-direction.  She is truly a hard worker and very dedicated to the tasks at hand. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Sometimes Maggie has been quick to jump at a potential issue when gathering all of the facts first can be equally as helpful.  Take time to understand the problem at hand before rushing into things.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Because Maggie is young, I would say that mostly first-year students would be the best fit for her but I think ultimately if she had to oversee upper class students, she would still succeed.  

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes.  Maggie is social, warm and nurturing but knows how to be firm as well.  She is known for juggling many activities and responsibilities during her time at CTC and I believe that she would be able to manage her time wisely as an SSM.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Maggie possesses the skills to be an excellent leader and an excellent SSM.  I have no reservations about her candidacy for this position.  
