
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  11:57:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Mehul Rajeev Mohagaonkar

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Raghav Srinath

Your Position and or Title:
Montag 3 Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
rsrinath1234@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
n a

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
He has been my resident for the past semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
He is a very driven individual. He is constantly looking for outlets for him to express his energy in productive ways. He is also very friendly and always willing to talk.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As an international student, he has the inevitable problem of not understanding some cultural faux pax. Indian culture is one where blunt remarks are expected and diplomacy is not always necessary. Thus he comes off as a little brash at times but always has good intentions. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe he wants to be a PL - however I think he would be better suited for an RA position instead. He has a very mature outlook that I believe is much better suited for upperclassmen.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Simply put, yes. Apart from all the strengths already listed, he is a person who will constantly work to improve upon his flaws. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No.
