
Date Submitted
11 30 2015  11:58:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Mikael Bucknavage

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Thomas Mezaros

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
tommezaros@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
As his Peer Leader for over three months now.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
The applicant is incredibly friendly and gets along with every resident, while maintaining a high respect from everyone. He is incredibly mature, introspective, and active, and often leads informal social events on the floor (and leads formal social events for his drama club, if I am not mistaken.) I often use him as a resource myself to help with events and bring others to events, and he has often pulled me into doing events. He encourages everyone on the floor to stay active, and always says hello to everyone he sees, and makes it a point to stop in and say hello to many people. He also loves talking about other peoples passions.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
The only area of development was that the student was time scheduling as the student was incredibly busy as a lead in the drama play this year, and was often gone a lot due to these commitments. He has previously stated however that he will be less involved next semester in drama club in order to better balance his schedule.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
The student would be great  as a PL with first-years. He is a great leader, and a well-informed, active residents, who often leads the charge to Woodies and gathers people for informal social events. He works work better with more active, 'peppy' residents as opposed to the more reserved residents, but is able to happily talk about someones passions with everyone on the floor.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I believe the candidate would be a great SSM (and often reminds me of my old SSM, and the reason why I became a PL in the first place.) He is an incredible leader and very passionate about other people passions. He can happily speak to everyone one the floor, and makes it a point to interact with everyone.  He is also incredibly determined and great with managing high workloads. I cannot recommend this candidate enough.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I cannot recommend this applicant enough.
