
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  4:34:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Milcah Ntende

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Cristina Quintero

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
cquintero7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Sorority Sister

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Milcah for the last semester when she joined our Sorority.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Milcah is extremely outgoing, kind, personable, diverse, and caring. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
While Milcah has wonderful people skills, I think she could develop her interactions with more introverted people. She always has the best intensions but can come off strong.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Milcah would be a wonderful PL! She is very caring and loves to ensure people's success, especially in the form of a leader mentor which I think will be great for freshman residents. As stated before, I think Milcah would have a harder time with more private reserved residents.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Milcah would be a wonderful SSM. She is very responsible and great with people. She is also a hard worker and strives to put forth the maximum effort to ensure a quality job is being done. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No.
