
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  11:58:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Molly-Kate Gavello

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Mark Ellington

Your Position and or Title:
Director, Business Operations

Your Email Address:
mark.ellington@me.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Staff Member

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Molly-Kate was a student in my GT1000 course during the Fall 2015 semester; I was instructing the course.  GT1000 is GT’s freshman seminar course taught by the university’s faculty and administrators with advanced degrees.   

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
During the course of the Fall 2015 semester, Molly-Kate impressed me with her engaging personality, active participation in classroom small-group breakout sessions, and excellent presentation skills.   

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Molly-Kate Gavello is now in her second semester at GT, but displays an above-average level of maturity.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Ms Gavello would interact successfully with all residents; her pleasant personality allowed her to engage successfully with a wide-variety of GT1000 students during shuffled small-group sessions.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes.  Molly-Kate clearly demonstrates the work ethic, initiative, and critical-thinking skills that will make her an excellent SSM candidate.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Not Applicable

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
As a retired Army Lieutenant-Colonel with extensive leadership experience, I would want Molly-Kate on my team; she has my resounding endorsement.  
