
Date Submitted
12 19 2015  9:52:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Myles Pittman

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amanda Hui

Your Position and or Title:
PL on FFM Staff

Your Email Address:
amandahui@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was Myles's RA during his freshmen year in Woodruff North for one year. So I have known him for a total of a year and a half now.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Myles is a motivated, driven guy who has the potential to be a great RA. It is easy to like his goofy, funny demeanor when you first meet him. His friendliness and openness to others is his greatest asset when it comes to the SSM position.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think that given the opportunity to be an SSM would be a great learning and growing experience for Myles. It would help him develop responsibility for others and organization and people skills.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think he would fit well with upperclass students because of the more hands-off role of an RA when compared to being with first years. I would say that he works well with outgoing personalities naturally and that working with more introverted or quiet individuals will be a good challenge for Myles.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I do think that Myles has a lot of room for improvement and that the role of an SSM will challenge and allow him to grow into the position.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He was definitely one of my most memorable residents!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Average

Creativity
Not Applicable

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
