
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  9:38:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Nathan Tan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Alexandra Vallas

Your Position and or Title:
Harris Resident Advisor

Your Email Address:
avallas3@gatech,edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Nathan has been my resident for one semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Nathan is a caring person and very hard worker. He's also a good team player.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Sometimes, Nathan can be very hard on himself and doesn't take time for his emotions. I think he would need to be careful in the position because he would have to learn to deal with both his personal feelings and the issues of his residents.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Definitely upperclass students. He works well with gregarious students and optimistic people; I could see him struggling with students under great deals of strain. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I think he would. He would work hard and do whatever it took to get the job done, which is an admirable quality.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
