
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  10:48:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ngoc Nguyen

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Handel Bennett

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Advisor NAE

Your Email Address:
hbennett7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Friend and fellow E-board member for Transfer Student Association

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I met Ngoc at a social event for the Transfer Student Association last semester. I am a mentor for transfer students; the organization holds events from time to time just to get all the mentees and mentors together in a social setting. Ngoc was assigned to another mentor, however after meeting we kept in contact and I would occasionally check on her progress. At the end of last semester she was elected Treasurer of the organization. As current Vice-President of the Transfer Student Organization I worked with Ngoc to organize our presentation at Transfer FASET over the winter break.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Very social - she assisted with tabling at FASET and engaged everyone who approached our table with a pleasant greeting. Also I can say she is reliable, on the day of FASET some members had to cancel because of other issues while Ngoc is one of the few who stayed with her commitment.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I would say cultural awareness.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Being a transfer student I would say this candidate would be more successful working with upperclass students. Simply because she was not a freshman at Georgia Tech.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, so far I have identified several qualities that would be helpful in this role. More importantly I know as a mentee she was open to suggestions, which illustrates willingness to grow and develop more qualities that will make her a good SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
