
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  9:58:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Nicholas Restivo

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Nathan Scavilla

Your Position and or Title:
Physics Lecturer   Research Advisor

Your Email Address:
Nath1@umbc.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
His honors and AP physics teacher

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I taught Nick his junior year of high school in my honors physics class. And then he took my AP physics class his senior year. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Born leader Well behaved Sympathetic Organized 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Helping to handle situations that could arise that a potential SSM would have to handle. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Any sort of STEM students. Nick does well with math and science. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. He has a good head on his shoulders. Never a problem in class. Very polite. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He told me he was looking forward to potentially becoming a resident assistant. He would do well in this program. 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No. 
