
Date Submitted
11 10 2015  10:56:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Nick Pinto

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Danielle Hunt

Your Position and or Title:
Freshman Activities Board (FAB) Advisor

Your Email Address:
dchunt12@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Freshman Activities Board (FAB) Advisor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Nick since September of this year. I am a Junior Advisor for the Freshman Activities Board (FAB), and we interviewed Nick and selected him out of 415 applicants to be a part of our organization of 30 members. I interact with Nick through our weekly meetings on Tuesdays, as well as communication through GroupMe throughout the week.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Nick's biggest strength is that he is a leader. But, Nick is also aware that being a leader does not mean closing yourself off to growth in leadership skills or styles. Nick is not shy; he is not afraid to speak his mind or take charge. He also has one of the biggest personalities I've encountered. In addition to his strong work ethic, Nick is goofy, fun-loving, outgoing, and just plain nice. I think that students at Tech would feel comfortable talking to him, or simply hanging out with him. In his time in FAB, I have seen Nick grow, which I believe is a very important quality; Nick is quick to adapt. A recurring activity we do in FAB is the color test, which examines different personalities and leadership styles and helps teach people how to interact with others.  Because of this knowledge, Nick is able to recognize how to speak to people that will be most effective. In addition, Nick has already had experience in FAB with planning events and the different resources available for freshmen. Nick has many strong qualities that make him suited for an SSM position. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As previously mentioned, Nick has a very big personality and has strong leadership skills already. Because of this, he tends to take charge in groups, even when others in the group are capable of taking charge as well. I believe this is an area that Nick can grow in, and that a SSM position will help him grow in. Splitting the responsibilities and relinquishing that control is an element that  many people struggle with, but I do believe with time and knowledge, Nick will master this skill. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Nick would excel with working with first-year students. As a member of the Freshman Activities Board (FAB), he already has learned how to provide for freshmen's needs in different ways, so I think expanding on his current knowledge and skills would be an easy transition. Nick works well with high-energy personalities, or ones that are receptive of his high-energy., but realistically, Nick could get along with anyone. Nick tends to work less well with students who are quiet because he can overpower them from time to time, but encouraging rather than hampering the smaller voices in a group setting is a goal he is working on in FAB. Overall, Nick is a people person, so he is capable of working with people of any sort.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I strongly believe that Nick Pinto would make a great SSM. I have only known Nick for three months, but in that time, I have watched him at excel at many things and grow at others. Nick has strong leadership skills, is a hard-worker, and is fun and personable. Nick is very aware of his own leadership style, and is able to recognize others' leadership styles as well, which is key when working on a team. In FAB, Nick has already had experience with planning events and the different resources available for freshmen. I feel that Nick's personality, skill set, and willingness to learn and grow present him as a strong candidate for a SSM position. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I have seen Nick grow tremendously in the three short months that I have known him, and he will continue to grow throughout the year,  making him an even stronger candidate for an SSM position in my mind.
