
Date Submitted
1 16 2016  5:16:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Nicolette Sam

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Christopher Schenck

Your Position and or Title:
RA Woodruff South 2nd Floor

Your Email Address:
cschenck7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Nicki (Nicolette) is one of my residents.  I have known her since the beginning of the fall 2015 semester.  I have gotten to know Nicki through conversations with her and her friends on the floor, as well as through her participation in hall events.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Nicki has an infectious personality and is a pleasure to be around.  I believe that it would be easy for her to develop strong relationships with her residents, and that her lighthearted sense of humor would be appreciated.  She seems very serious about her interest in becoming an SSM, an even helped my co-RA and I put up the new hall decorations for the spring term.  I think that enthusiasm will carry very well into the SSM position.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Nicki is very close with her suitemates and spends a lot of time with them.  I am glad that they have such strong friendships, but I would like to see them engage more with the rest of the hall.  If selected as an SSM, Nicki would have to be sure to engage all of her residents and to not settle for just strong relationships with a few of them.  I believe that she will be completely capable of achieving this.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Nicki would be successful working with all types of residents, however she has expressed interest in working as an RA.  I believe she would be successful in that role.  She seems to work well with both more outgoing and quieter personalities.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Nicki would be an excellent SSM.  She is good-natured and motivated, which I believe she would leverage to develop strong relationships with her residents and a good floor community.  I also believe that she would be a pleasure to work with as an SSM.  Her help with hall decorations demonstrated to me that she is inclined to help others even when unasked.  This service mentality would translate well to her success as an SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
