
Date Submitted
12 15 2015  3:13:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Nikita Patel

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Morgan Foreman

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader MTH Hall

Your Email Address:
maforeman17@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Nikita has been my resident for the past semester. I have enjoyed getting to know her as she became apart of our floor community. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Nikita has a welcoming personality that will be essential for building relationships with her residents. She is very diligent with her work and would be a great team member on her staff 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
This position will help grow Nikita's leadership skills and position her as a leader on campus. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I would say that Nikita would really enjoy working with first-years. She is very outgoing and funny and would also have the potential to bring shy individuals out of their shell. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do think she would be a good SSM. She is very easy to get along with and really puts full effort into whatever she does. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I have really enjoyed getting to know Nikita and think she would really make a great staff member
