
Date Submitted
1 16 2016  7:10:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Nina Patronis

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Casie Connolly

Your Position and or Title:
PL in Hefner, Armstrong, Fulmer

Your Email Address:
casieconnolly@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Nina since August of 2015. She is my current resident in the Hefner 3 Community, and she is an integral part to the community on my floor this year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Nina's strengths as a potential SSM are that she is able to relate to a lot of different personality types. On my hall, I see that she interacts with everyone each week at Midweek Munchies. She is interested in what other people are doing on campus and is comfortable sharing what she is doing as well. Her other strength is listening to the needs of others and seeing to those needs. She is always willing to help someone and is considerate to everyone on our hall. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think that the SSM position would be very beneficial for Nina's confidence in her leadership abilities. While I see that she is a leader, I think she sometimes second guesses the impact she can have on other people. Her strengths make her a great leader, so I think having an opportunity as an SSM to grow further will make her an even better leader.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Nina would work well with both first year students and upperclassmen. She values responsibility and would be able to manage residents who are older than her. However, she would also be very successful at fostering and building community in a first year residence hall. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe Nina would be a great SSM because of her ability to be a part of and create community. I have felt lucky to have Nina on my hall this year, and I also feel that she would be a pleasure to work with as a fellow SSM. Her ability to work on a team and build community make her a great candidate for the SSM position.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Nina is a great person. She would do very well as an SSM. 
