
Date Submitted
12 30 2015  9:21:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Noah Sutter

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Ching-Chi Tu

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader for Glenn Hall

Your Email Address:
Tuchingchi@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
One semester. He is not only my resident, but also Glenn's Social Chair (the hall council I'm advising). 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Noah is very outgoing, sociable, friendly, and relatable. He is part of a quad that is the center of most activity on my side of the hall, and it is because of individuals like Noah that helped develop a sense of community. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Noah is very good at coming up with an idea, but could improve on taking on aiding and being slightly more open to suggestions. This I believe is but a slight hold back since it can easily be worked on in the right environment and through experience. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Noah is very mature and friendly. He would do well with both upperclassmen and first year students. He is very adaptable and would excel anywhere he is put. With this being said, there's no doubt in my mind that he would become an excellent PL and inspire first years to become the same. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Noah would make a great student staff member because of the way the Glenn Floor 0 South (or so we've come to call it) has developed. As part of hall council he knows what it takes to lead other first year students and create community developing activities. This can be seen from social activities he has passed through hall council that extended to much more than just our floor, but all of Glenn. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I feel like, overall, Noah would make a great student staff member because he has the innate ability to relate to other students, set a first impression, and develop a healthy community. He has both the spirit, dedication, as well as the experience in this field and I have no doubt would be a great addition to any staff. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
He is a very well rounded candidate and I would have no concerns regarding him. Very safe pick. 
