
Date Submitted
12 2 2015  3:40:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Olivia Murk Caya

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Cynthia A. Lawson

Your Position and or Title:
English Teacher   Literary Magazine Adviser

Your Email Address:
cynthia_lawson@charleston.k12.sc.us

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
English Teacher   Literary Magazine Adviser

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Miss Olivia Murk Caya was a (high school) freshman student in my Honors English I class and was a member of the staff of Wando High School's  award-winning literary magazine, The Outlet, for two years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Olivia is a very personable and caring young woman - someone who would be a fabulous mentor and role model for other students.  She is extremely organized and very articulate - both in her speech and writing.  Olivia is an intentional student; she has set high goals and expects nothing less than excellence from herself.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Olivia thinks on her own quite well and is also able to take direction well; if her immediate supervisor sees any area in which she would benefit from improvement, Olivia would be open!

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I honestly cannot imagine Olivia not getting along with anyone!  She was clearly well-liked here at Wando HS!

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe this opportunity would be wonderful for Olivia - it would afford her the opportunity to use skills she  has already developed and grow  both as a person and as a leader.   I know for certain that Olivia will not let you down or disappoint you!  She takes her responsibilities very seriously.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Olivia would be a great choice for this position and I would like to personally and sincerely thank you for your kind consideration of her!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Olivia would be an excellent choice - she takes direction well and will not disappoint you.  
