
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  8:58:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Oviya Thanigavelan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Samridhi Banskota

Your Position and or Title:
Student

Your Email Address:
samridhi.banskota@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Oviya for two and a half years.  A year and a half as a resident and roommate.  A year as my roommate.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
I believe programming can be considered as Oviya’s greatest strength.  As the Meetings Coordinator in the GLC Hall Council, she has organized multiple events. She organized the Martian Movie Day (it had 20+ participants). This was a huge success and residents wanted more events like this.  In addition to that, as the Meetings Coordinator, she does a great job at organizing the meetings and attracting participation. Throughout last semester we always had around 20+ residents participating in our meetings. She sends out timely emails informing residents about the weekly meetings, events around the community, etc. She has also made a good effort at addressing the different concerns raised during the meetings. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I have always known Oviya to be a very soft-spoken person. She does a great job at leading the hall council meetings but I believe that she could work on her assertive skills. The SSM position would be an ideal way for her to grow this skill. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Oviya would be a good-fit for upperclass residents. Through her hall council position, she has already had a lot of experience dealing with upperclass residents. As a junior herself, she is aware of the different resources utilized by upperclassmen and can hence be a valuable asset towards them.  I believe Oviya would work well with an energetic personality. She can draw from their energy and work with them. I do believe she will face a challenge when reaching out to someone with a reserved personality. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
I think Oviya would make a good student staff member. Oviya is a pleasure to have on the floor due her positive attitude and pleasant personality. She is an intelligent and capable person. I am confident in her ability to handle the student staff position. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Average

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I believe Oviya has a great potential. 
