
Date Submitted
1 5 2016  4:04:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Parth Viswanathan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Terrell Hatzilias

Your Position and or Title:
Instructor Lecturer

Your Email Address:
terrell@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
One semester in my course, Grand Challenges 2. I have met with Parth weekly in a team of 5 students so know him quite well.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Parth is an excellent team member and collaborator. He is dedicated, passionate, and truly cares about his fellow students. He spent the last semester investigating the creation of a program that would aid food insecure students.  I have enjoyed watching him build his leadership skills in the past semester. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Parth is growing rapidly as a leader, but still has room to grow in this area. Please note that he is an excellent leader, he is still fairly quiet is all. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
first years - he is highly empathetic and would relate to the unique needs of first years

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, he would be an excellent candidate. Parth is committed, an excellent team member, and is highly empathetic and compassionate. He truly cares for other students' well-being.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I highly recommend him. Parth's team has focused on creating a program to aid food-insecure students have easier access to food on GT campus - he is already making a difference in the face of GT campus life and I fully believe he will continue in this capacity if given the opportunity.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Parth would be a great PL - I cannot recommend him highly enough. He would be in touch and connected to his residents. 
