
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  5:11:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Parth Patel

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Param Bodiwala

Your Position and or Title:
Student Staff Member

Your Email Address:
parambodiwala@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Parth for 1 semester now. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Parth is very down to earth. He is approachable, humorous, and can commandeer leadership positions without any difficulty.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Parth has done a lot of work as VP of his hall council. He has been working with his hall council board to do programs for residents, but he will learn more through time hopefully as a SSM.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Parth works well with all types of people. He can work with other peers his age and also with professors as he currently does research.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Parth would make a great SSM. He has shown exemplary leadership skills in Hall Council and within the Howell community; it will only get better when he becomes a SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Parth lives next door to me and I see him almost everyday. Parth definitely deserves to be an SSM.
