
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  11:47:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Paulamy Ganguly

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Federico Pulvirenti

Your Position and or Title:
PhD student in Chemistry

Your Email Address:
fpulvirenti@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Teaching assistant

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Paulamy since September 2015 as her teaching assistant.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Paulamy is friendly, trustworthy, outgoing and capable of working in a group. During our labs she ended up leading her team successfully, was eager to help others and capable of managing time and resources carefully  and independently.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Paulamy could benefit from being a SSM as she could become even more patient than she currently is and she could have the possibility of practising her organizational skills while dealing with a large and diverse crowd of people.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Paulamy is mature for her age so I think she would work well with any type of residents. Since she is about to start her second year I think she would be fine dealing with sophomore students, who tend to be more mature than freshmen.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Paulamy would make a great SSM! She is full of energy, she has remarkable leadership skills and she is able to be there when other people need her! Paulamy has an incredibly diverse background which will make it extremely likely for other residents to relate to her.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I am not concerned about Paulamy being a successful teaching assistant.
