
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  9:41:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Raeedah Choudhury

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Samantha Gray

Your Position and or Title:
Student

Your Email Address:
sgray9@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
BME Mentor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Raeedah since August of 2015. Over the past few months, we have been able to discuss career plans, academic goals, and personal goals. I've had the pleasure of seeing Raeedah quickly become involved in the GT community and being available to answer any questions and to provide advice.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Raeedah has a great attitude and a desire to learn about others. Since I am her BME mentor, I am supposed to answer questions and make her feel welcome. I had no expectations of talking about myself or my goals during our talks. However, I have found that Raeedah always takes time to ask me about my life. Rather than the mentor-mentee relationship I expected, I really feel like we are friends. This would translate so well into an RA or PL position because Raeedah is able to focus on others and develop friendships through her caring and friendly attitude.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
While Raeedah is becoming part of the GT community very well, she is still only in her 6th month on campus. As such, she may be more unfamiliar with the resources available to students. Having an RA or PL position would further her involvement and give her the opportunity to learn more about all campus has to offer!

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Raeedah would work best with first or second years simply because of her age. She is still going through her freshman year, so the joys and struggles will be fresh of her mind when she is a SSM next year. She is also an out-of-state student, so I believe that she could really connect with freshman who are adjusting to being away from home. I think Raeedah will work best with the 'typical Tech' students who are nervous to meet new people because she is very relatable and approachable. I'm not sure how well she would relate to the students who party and drink because I haven't seen her interact with these types of students. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Raeedah would make a great SSM because of her attitude and willingness to jump into the GT community. She has utilized the resources around her, and her application alone shows that she is already excited to give back. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Not Applicable

Creativity
Not Applicable

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Not Applicable

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I think Raeedah would really thrive and grow from this experience, and I believe students could benefit greatly from an enthusiastic and caring PL or RA like her!
