
Date Submitted
1 5 2016  2:35:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Raghav Srivastava

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Aniruddha Nadkarni

Your Position and or Title:
Student Staff Member (Peer Leader) - Glenn Hall

Your Email Address:
aniruddha.nadkarni@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Raghav as his PL for the duration of the Fall semester, 2015. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
From my observations, I see Raghav as a very sociable and friendly individual. He makes an effort to include and make everyone feel welcome, and is eager to listen to others and offer help or advice if necessary. He has a good heart and is able to put others before himself.  Additionally, Raghav is extremely driven and strives to do his best. His focus for what he wants to achieve has been reflected well in his endeavors outside of academics, and I truly feel he gives his all to everything he commits to doing.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Raghav has a very strong personality, but he may, at times, feel 'overshadowed' by others. I would like to see him become more confident in himself and his own choices, so that he can appreciate others' achievements without it affecting his own drive or motivation negatively.  I also feel that Raghav is passionate and excited about interacting with others, but I have seen him get caught up in the moment and rub others the wrong way with poor phrasing, but good intentions. I think he should take some time to collect his thoughts so that he can handle some situations more diplomatically, but I believe this is something he is working on and is improving currently as well. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
With the areas of development mentioned above, I believe that Raghav would currently be better suited to interact with upperclass students. His strong personality would be effective in managing a larger number of students and he would be equipped to handle situations in that context.  Because I feel that working with first-years requires an increased level of tact, I think Raghav would be well suited to work with them after some more progress in his areas of development. After that, however, he would be an excellent PL because of his openness and enthusiasm for interacting with and helping others.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Raghav would be a good SSM since he would have the ability to be available as a resource for anyone who needed help. By providing others with that avenue for help, he would have no problem giving advice and solving problems, should they arise, in the residence environment.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
The only reservations I would have are with regard to the aforementioned development areas; with the confirmation that he is aware and is actively improving upon those areas, I would absolutely hire Raghav.
