
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  12:45:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Raghav Garg

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Timothy Kyung

Your Position and or Title:
PLUS Leader

Your Email Address:
tkyung3@mail.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
PLUS leader

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was his PLUS leader for a semester; he attended many of my sessions so I knew him well

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Raghav is very diligent in his work and very helpful towards others. He is also very smart and figures things out very quickly.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
An area of development might be his ability to approach others. At times, Raghav can be shy but with a little push, he can be very lively and interactive with others.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
mostly first-years; He would work well with students more focused on academics rather than those who only want to party.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think he would. Raghav is the type of person that, if given a task, will perform it with the best of his ability. He will do everything in his power to make this position work for him.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
