
Date Submitted
1 14 2016  1:12:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Reed Herner

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Mark Ellington

Your Position and or Title:
Director, Business Operations

Your Email Address:
mark.ellington@me.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Staff Member

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here. Â If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Reed was a student in my GT1000 course during the Fall 2015 semester; I was instructing the course.  GT1000 is GT’s freshman seminar course taught by the university’s faculty and administrators with advanced degrees. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Reed has excellent 'people skills' that are combined with an engaging personality,  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Reed is a GT freshman, therefore very young; however, I believe he possesses a maturity level beyond his years.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with? Â What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Reed appears to be very flexible with his interactions, and I suspect he would successfully move between all year-groups of residents.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM? Â Please explain.
Absolutely!  Reed appears to possess a rare combination of maturity, strong 'people skllls', and great work ethic.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I would hire Reed now still in the private sector.  Fine young man!

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Not Applicable

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Hire him...before someone else does
