
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  8:45:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Richard Lee

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amanda Hui

Your Position and or Title:
PL on FFM Staff

Your Email Address:
amandahui@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Lived in the same freshmen dorm

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Richard since freshmen year (Fall 2012) and have since kept in close contact with him and gotten to know him in academic, leadership, and personal settings.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Richard is someone with many strengths. He is a starter, is self-motivated, and has a passion for education and design in everyday life. Throughout the years that I have known him, he has always been seeking out new opportunities to to challenge himself and learn from new experiences. His love for learning I think will be his greatest strength as a potential SSM. Even though it will be his 5th year here at Tech, he is eager to learn as ever.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Richard has a lot of leadership experience already, but I think that the SSM position will challenge him greatly as he learns what it means to be a leader to his peers who are also in college, as opposed to his prior experience with teaching younger kids and working with older people in a corporate setting.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Richard adapts well to new surroundings so I think that he would work well with many types of personalities. From what I know from what he hopes to gain from the position, I think that he would be a very good, committed PL to first-year residents. Mentoring is a passion of his and being with first-years would be a great way for him to exercise this skill.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I think that Richard would make a really great PL and would highly recommend him! He puts his all into everything that he sets his mind to and I have no doubts that he would be a great addition to any team.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Nope
