
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  12:07:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ricky Acosta

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Eugene Chu

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
echu31@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I've known Ricky for 1.5 years and have had the opportunity to closely observe him as a friend during this time period.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ricky is a fantastic conversationalist and great at making everybody feel included. He really shows that he cares about his friends and is willing to go the extra mile to support them. A natural leader, he is great at organization and also works well with a team.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
A potential area of development would be the aspect of creating a community from scratch because he has never had the opportunity to do  before.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Ricky would be most successful with first year students due to his attentive nature and willingness to connect with everybody he meets. He works well with open-minded personalities and least well with people that refuse to open up.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think this candidate shows great promise as a potential SSM. He genuinely cares about those he is close to and shows enthusiasm for helping others succeed.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
As I have had the pleasure of being around Ricky consistently for over a year, I can tell that he would truly be happy to help incoming freshmen succeed. 

Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None
