
Date Submitted
12 30 2015  11:00:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Rico Henderson

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Russell Dawkins

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
rdawkins6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant for about six months. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Rico is a very hard working person who knows how to manage his time well. I feel that this will greatly benefit him when it comes to making himself available to residents. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I would say his areas of development would be working in large groups and planning events. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He seems like he would be better suited for upperclass students because of his maturity although either would be a good fit for him. He works best with quieter personalities and least with extroverted personalities. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Rico would make a great SSM because he works hard and he has good character. Also, he has a really great personality and he would be great at making friends. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
