
Date Submitted
1 10 2016  8:43:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Rishab Kaup

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Tim Jaudon

Your Position and or Title:
Glenn Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
tjaudon3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been his peer leader since August. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Rishab is one of the most outgoing and friendly people I know.  He is the leader of my floor in a sense that he is always planning things and gets along with everybody.  Everybody likes Rishab.  He is always on the hall and interacting with the other residents.  He is also incredibly responsible and down to earth.  He is a great guy that any staff would be lucky to have.  He makes me laugh and is always super helpful to other residents.  He is a genius in his studies and is an all around great person.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
One of his area's of development may be during serious situations, as he has such a bright personality.  However I do believe he has the capacity to handle serious things, he may just need to work on it some.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would be great with first years.  He would also do well with upperclass students as he is a very mature student who is ahead in his studies.  He gets along with just about anybody as he has a great personality and always seems to put others ahead of him.  He would work best with those who like to hang in the hall more often.  He might work least well with those who cause trouble in the hall but I feel as if he could deal with them.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Rishab would be an excellent SSM.  He has a wonderful personality and has all qualities that I believe would make a great SSM.  He is always planning things around our hall and is so involved I would go as far as saying he is almost like an extra Peer Leader.  He loves to help people and he knows how to prioritize work and play.  Every staff needs a guy like Rishab. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
