
Date Submitted
1 15 2016  11:36:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Robert Bridenhagen

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Larry Cloud

Your Position and or Title:
Assistant Director of Orientation and New Student Programs

Your Email Address:
larry.cloud@studentlife.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Staff Member

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have know Robert for the past 4 months as he is a member of Freshmen Council an organization that I advise. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
The main strength that I feel Robert has is a desire to make an impact on those around him and this campus. Robert is the student in FC who is always the first to contact me with a question or idea. He is constantly searching for ways to improve our campus is typically the voice that you hear during a meeting due to an idea he has or opportunity he sees. Even though he has only been here a few short months, Robert's potential impresses me and I think this opportunity would be a great stepping stone for him.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think that Robert sometimes needs to look at the whole picture. He needs that advisor that can rein him in and make sure that he doesn't lose focus on the ultimate end goal.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Robert would work well with First-years because he can relate with that population so well. He is a leader in a group of 30 diverse first year students and he has stepped up as the leader and voice of that group. I feel others respect him in that group and that his residents would hold that same sort of respect.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do think he would be a good SSM because of the balance of respect and camaraderie he could create with his residents. Residents would want to be his friend, but at the same time understand the role he must play as a SSM. He has a great energy and desire to help others and I think he wants to find more outlets to help. And I feel this role and program could be that outlet. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I think that Robert is going to great things on this campus and I think this opportunity will help me make that next step to impacting GT. 
