
Date Submitted
12 30 2015  4:16:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Ryan Salmon

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Matthew Daigle

Your Position and or Title:
PL HHC

Your Email Address:
Mdaigle6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant as his peer leader for the past 5 months.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ryan's greatest strength as a potential SSM is his enthusiasm for Georgia Tech and for others. His charisma is noted by his peers and professors, noting that he serves as a natural leader that people enjoy following. His positivity  serves him well, as he pushes groups in which he works towards a successful endpoint. Furthermore, his ability to communicate with others goes well beyond the ability of many first year students. Ryan has never struggled to form any kind of community within his floor or his building.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Ryan's two main areas of development are impulse and perspective. In my experience with Ryan, he makes excellent choices in any circumstance where he takes the time to think things out, but occasionally (rarely) his impulsive decisions remind him of the importance of thinking before you act. Secondly, Ryan can improve on persepctive. When Ryan is faced with a personal problem, he has a slight tendency to view the problem worse than it is. At times it takes others reminding him that it is not really that bad. Perhaps it allows him to better prioritize his time. It seems to have worked for him thus far.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Ryan would be most successful with first year students, particularly an LLC. Ryan has a natural ability to strengthen groups and impact communities. I have no doubt that he would be successful in any community, but I believe that working in an LLC would maximize his strengths.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I strongly believe that Ryan will make an excellent staff member. I've had the privilege to work with Ryan and other Grand Challengers this year and have had the opportunity to see him handle situations in the same manner that student staff members would handle them. Ryan is viewed as someone that any resident can speak to about personal or community concerns. He holds a very prominent place in the community and is respected and trusted by his peers. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Having served for 3 semesters as a student staff member on 2 different staffs, I have had the opportunity to work with a number of different student staff members. I would be thrilled to call Ryan Salmon a co staff member and would specifically request to work with him as my co-PL. He is hard working, extremely dedicated, and the ideal candidate for the student staff member position.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I give Ryan Salmon my highest recommendation.
