
Date Submitted
12 21 2015  8:55:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Samantha Loop

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Anna Bilton

Your Position and or Title:
Summer Camp Program Director

Your Email Address:
anna@campmason.org

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Sam for nearly 3 years as her Camp Director when she was a camper and now her supervisor now she is a staff member. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Sam is self-motivated and a positive addition to our team at Camp Mason. She regularly encourages other staff and works very hard to ensure that the children in her care are happy and healthy.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Sam gives 110% which is great but that does mean she is constantly on the go. We've talked about her taking time off for herself and making sure she is taking care of herself. to avoid burn out.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Sam works well with a variety of people and is adaptable so I believe she will do well with most personalities. Since she is still young herself I would imagine working with first-years may be easier for her than upper-class students. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, she is a great people person and is very amiable. She is an asset to our camp community because of her ability to put the children first and I believe she would do the same with the people she is working with at the college.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Sam is competent, enthusiastic and willing to learn. I would hire her back in a heart beat.
