
Date Submitted
1 7 2016  8:25:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Samuel Nelson

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jennifer Brewer

Your Position and or Title:
Property Manager

Your Email Address:
jandbbrewer@msn.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant, Sam Nelson, for over eight years as his supervisor as a volunteer with Guide Dogs for the Blind.  I have also employed Sam as a house pet sitter and for yard maintenance.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Sam treats others with respect, is thoughtful and friendly, and is a good listener. I feel he would be an asset as a conflict mediator and encourage student involvement in residential events. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Sam would benefit from training in working with aggressive, volatile people situations. Gaining confidence in his ability to diffuse those situations would be beneficial. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I feel Sam would be most successful working with first and second year students. I have observed Sam working well with people of all ages and people with disabilities. He is sensitive to those who need encouragement to socialize and participate in activities. I would think that overly aggressive abrasive people would be most difficult for Sam to work well with.  

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Sam Nelson is a good candidate for an SSM position as he is hard working, honest, and treats others with respect and fairness. He is very approachable and  will be a positive presence in the residence hall and encourage others embrace campus life.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I have hired this applicant and have found him trustworthy and hard working.
