
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  3:05:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Sarah Rebecca Panitz

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Rani Tilva

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
ranitilva@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
n a

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Sarah for about 5 months as my resident. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Sarah is one of the most real people that I know. All of the conversations that I have had with her are genuine and she is not afraid to share her opinions. This is great as an SSM because she will be able to tackle problems head on and be able to voice her opinions in a group setting. Sarah is also willing to try new things, such as Hapkido, simply to check it out. And once she finds something that she enjoys, she sticks to it. This level of dedication is also essential to the SSM position. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
This candidate could work on her expressed compassion. Sometimes she can come off as harsh, but once you actually know her, you understand that she means well. I think that this initially could come off as not being approachable to potential residents that are shy. She could also develop her active listening abilities. I believe that she can work on listening and retaining what people say to her. She does this for some people, but not necessarily everyone that she talks to.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This candidate would be most successful with upperclass students. She would work best with people that are introverted, involved, and self-motivated. She would not work well with overly passive people or people that constantly unrealistic. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that this candidate would make a good SSM because she has the foundation of the ideal SSM. She gets work done in a timely manner, cares for others, and has a unique perspective on life that would make her an excellent addition to any staff.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Sarah has the potential to be a great SSM and I completely believe that she can rise to the occasion. In everything that I have seen her tackle in the past 5 months, she has yet to back down and that is one of her many commendable qualities.
