
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  4:20:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Seyma Guven

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Ahmet Oguzhan Ozlu

Your Position and or Title:
Instructor, Phd.

Your Email Address:
a.o.ozlu@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I know Seyma for about 1.5 years. She worked as a TA for the Engineering Economy course that I taught during the summer. I also know about her other projects and past experience.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
She has extraordinary social capabilities. She is very friendly, talkative and gregarious person. She is good at communicating with other people from diverse backgrounds. I know that she had very good relations with the students from my lecture, as I had witnessed several times that she was having friendly conversations with the students. She is also good at organizing events. One example is she organized recitations and office hours as TA without my assistance, and she tried more innovative approaches such as connecting to distance learning students via skype during the recitation. I know personally that she was a leader at organizing meetings and surprises (like birthday). She has a moderate and calm personality. I also would like to point out that she is a good listener, and I'm sure she will be a good mediator to solve interpersonal conflicts. She is very responsible person. She completed her tasks in my lecture the best way possible and always on time. She is hard-working and dedicating in her work while having a practical mind that brings easy and quick solutions to problems.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think she will have a more chance to meet with new people. Currently she is living off-campus and she will have better opportunity to follow on-campus activities. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that she will be most successful with families. She is also married and knows about family life and values - I think she is a better fit for families and more senior level students to organize events and establish good communication. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Definitely. I think she possesses all the qualities that a good SSM must have. I'm quite confident that she will be a perfect SSM. She has excellent communication with people, very good organization skills, and easy-to-work personality. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Overall, she is a perfect candidate for this position. I trust her that she will do the best she can. She is an able person and will overcome any difficulties that she will face. 
