
Date Submitted
12 2 2015  12:03:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shadman Ibnamasud

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Thaige Gompa

Your Position and or Title:
Graduate Teaching Assistant in Chemistry

Your Email Address:
tgompa3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
General Chemistry TA

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Shadman is one of my best chemistry students in my 1211K lab.  I've known him for a semester (4 months)

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Shadman is very organized and meticulous.  He is on top of every task and always performs each, no matter how trivial, to the best of his abilities.  Also, he is very personable and friendly and gets along well with everyone.  He often works in between groups helping others even at the expense of his own progress.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Shadman has a good foundation to be an excellent adviser or even a teacher.  I think that the experience as a potential SSM will only develop these strengths even more through event planning, advising, encouraging, and leading other students.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I expect that Shadman can relate easily with mostly first-years due to their ages being mostly similar but I don't see any complications between him and upperclass students.  I believe this because he seems much more mature than most first-years that I've known.  Shadman has a good blend of a serious down-to-business attitude and a easy-going humor.  I believe that he has the ability to work well with nearly any personalty type due to this adaptability.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, Shadman exerts all of the basic characteristics that I would expect from a good SSM.  He is always very helpful and can speak to anyone on their level of understanding which I believe is an invaluable ability to have.  Additionally, his demeanor and personality makes him very approachable.  His organization level makes him perfect for organizing events and functions for constituents.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Shadman is one of my best students.  He is very intelligent and works very hard. He would make an excellent SSM.  

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Shadman is an exceptional and enthusiastic student and would definitely be a good role model to other students.
