
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  7:53:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shannon Murray

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Molly Merritt

Your Position and or Title:
Previous PL

Your Email Address:
mmerritt@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant since August of 2014 when I met her as my resident.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
The applicant is organized, motivated, and sociable. She serves others very well and enjoys being around people. She also gets down to business when she needs to do so. Her personality and work ethic are both desirable for potential SSMs. She would be a great example to her residents and maintain her responsibilities well. She also is very good at creating community with those around her and took a lead in this on her freshman hall.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
She is very involved on campus and is very busy. However, the things she commits to she does fully.  She also has difficulty empathizing with certain situations, but this does not keep her from showing love and care to the people around her. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This applicant would work well in either position, but I believe her genuinely upbeat personality and positive outlook would make her an excellent PL. Her organization and focus would give her the ability to work with upperclassmen also, but I believe some incoming freshmen would be missing out by not having her as their PL.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Absolutely. This candidate was the leader of the hall her Freshman year. She did not have any official role or title, but she was the creator of a community in the hall that is still close today. She and I became good friends throughout the year because she spent so much time serving other residents and getting to know them; she stayed behind after her finals were done just to make dinner and bake cookies for those who still had finals left. Not only does she have an incredibly kind hart, but she is on top of her stuff. She is organized and is a good student. She is very self-motivated and driven. I can't think of someone better suited to work with Georgia Tech Housing to build community within the residence halls.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
It would be a loss not to hire this candidate.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
