
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  7:33:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shane A. Phillipps

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Wesley Hunter

Your Position and or Title:
PL

Your Email Address:
wesleyhunter8@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant since he has been at Georgia Tech, and I am in contact with him almost every day.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Shane comes from a very diverse background and understands how to work well with many different types of people. Also, Shane is extremely outgoing, positive, and passionate about this position. From my time being a PL, I have realized that the most passionate SSMs tend to be the best ones.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I believe Shane will be able to develop his leadership style as an SSM. Right now, he has a friendly style of leadership where he tries to connect with everyone on the same level, but he will realize that being an SSM sometime forces you to take command of the hall. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Shane would very well with residents who are also outgoing and excited to explore tech and see what's in store for them in Atlanta. He also has a great approach on the more introverted people and he can usually initiate great conversations with anyone. He has expressed his interest in working with first years because he would feel so close to them and be able to guide them. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Shane would be one of the best SSMs because he has already done this job previously in boarding school along with the fact that he is extremely passionate and diligent in his duties. I would love for Shane to work on my staff.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Highly Recommend 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
He is very confident and great at understanding diversity.
