
Date Submitted
1 8 2016  6:45:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shan Suen

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Lucas Maurer

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
lmaurer9@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Shan has been one of my residents since the beginning of the Fall 2015 Semester. I have gotten to know him on an academic, social, and personal level as the semester progressed and have seen him mature and grow extensively.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Shan is one of the best communicators I know. He has a strong ability to interact and bond with individuals and groups through differing techniques like, reflective listening, strong body language, and objective listening. He has the ability to both control and guide conversations to help others and himself through various situations, including those that are emergent and those that are relaxed.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As an SSM, Shan would need to work on his time-management skills. Often he swamps himself with classes and extracurriculars often leading to late nights and stress. He will need to learn how to better manage his time and organize his priorities so that he dedicates the appropriate amount of time to everything and prevents stress and overload.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Shan would be most successful with first-year students. He has a very enthusiastic and passionate personality. He loves to interact with others and create deep, meaningful relationships with individuals, which would work best with first-year students. His personality would work best with those that mirror his energy and commitment. He would work least well with those who prefer to stay to themselves and are much more reserved.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Shan would make a great SSM. He loves interacting and being around others. He already deeply invests his life into others, helping them succeed and enjoy their life here at Tech. As an SSM, he would provide unconditional support and aid that students require, allowing a diverse and healthy community develop throughout.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Below Average

Self Motivation
Average

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Average

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Average

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Of all the people I have met here at Tech, I definitely believe that Shan would be one of the best suited to help build a community within the Residence Halls.
