
Date Submitted
11 20 2015  12:43:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shekinah Hall

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Namrata Kolla

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader (HHC)

Your Email Address:
namratakolla@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Shekinah is one of my residents this year. I have known her as long as we've been in school (~3 months). 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Shekinah is very mature and well respected in the hall. I remember when a resident was making derogatory comments during a hall event about a demographic that she was included in, she was incredibly calm and clear in her response to the comment. She is interested in social justice, so she would bring a wealth of knowledge about how to have those conversations tactfully and take advantage of teaching moments.   Moreover, Shekinah is always smiling when I see her and I hear from her academic advisor and professor (we're both in the School of Public Policy) that she has been a pleasure to have in class and works diligently on assignments. I have not observed her ability to work with others first-hand, but I imagine she would be fantastic by the way she is always spending time and working on assignments with other people in the hall and in the library. Any SSM would be lucky to have her as their colleague.   With regard to time management, I predict that she would climb the learning curve quickly. She has had no trouble making time to study for her classes, and the one time I saw her stressed about classes, she talked through her problems calmly and described what she was going to do to deal with the situation. I highly doubt she would ever get so stressed out from her duties as an SSM that she would treat her residents badly or ignore them. Her residents would learn a lot from how she manages stress. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As far as I know, Shekinah is not involved in many extracurriculars or communities outside of the Grand Challenges program. Because of that, she may not be aware of the opportunities out there for students, as well as the resources on campus should someone need help. However, this gap in knowledge will be addressed as she gets more involved in future semesters and attends Housing training. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I can confidently say that Shekinah has the maturity and grace to be successful with any age group. She would be calming force around energetic or high-strung personalities. She would be an empathetic, positive energy around introverted and shy personalities. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, Shekinah would be a fantastic SSM! Though I have only known her for a few short months, she has never failed to impress me with her emotional intelligence (e.g. ability to identify how she's feeling, acknowledge it, and articulate how she'll move forward) and social intelligence (e.g. recognizing social cues, helping others feel more comfortable). She is also well respected by faculty and staff already, so a hall director would have no trouble coaching her and feeling comfortable giving her feedback. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
1000% deserves an interview! 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
