
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  11:48:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Sheng Zhang

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Amy Mease

Your Position and or Title:
K-12 ELL Teacher

Your Email Address:
aemease@hotmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Former Teacher

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was Sheng's former teacher. I have known Sheng for 7 years. Although I have not taught Sheng all 7 years, we have kept in touch in social settings and for academic advice. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Sheng is a good listener. He lends an empathetic ear when he hears about other people's challenges. Sheng is also diplomatic, he is not quick to judgement. He takes his time to hear both sides of a situation and does not rush to judgement. (I believe that comes from his many years of working in science labs!) Sheng has moved many times in his life. He has moved to a new country and new states. He understands what it's like to be the new kid in the new place and I believe he is best suited in helping students transitioning from high school to the university. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Throughout high school Sheng has had to balance academics with extra curricular activities. Each year he  became more successful at balancing his obligations.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Sheng would probably work best with first year students. Sheng moved to the United States in 5th grade from China. He moved from Missouri to Cleveland in 7th grade, and this past year he came to Georgia Tech. Because Sheng has had to move to a variety of places in his life, he understands transition. He would be helpful to students who have not had the experience of moving away from home before. Sheng would work well with any type of student. His easy-going personality and his vast knowledge of popular culture makes him a good fit with all.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I would highly recommend Sheng for the SSM position. In my past 17 years of teaching, there are few students that have made such a lasting impression on my career as Sheng. I enjoy talking to Sheng, we have conversations about Lebron James, Elon Musk, Chairman Mao. He's shown me the best way to pick fresh ginger and a grocery store. This makes me know that he can have a conversation with anyone about anything! That's a good quality to have when you a SSM. Sheng is very level headed, I've never seen him upset or emotional. ( When he was in 8th grade one of the apartments in his building caught on fire accidentally. The fire spread to his family's apartment and his family lost everything. Sheng came to school the next day and was very calm in the midst of all the chaos. He spoke to me about situation briefly, and kept his composure. I never had so much respect for a 14 year old boy.  Georgia Tech needs a SSM that can stay level headed. With so many tragedies happening at universities and schools today, we need people like Sheng. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
n a

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I have not concerns. Sheng would be a great candidate for this position.
