
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  9:22:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shivam Patel

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Trisha Ramakrishnan

Your Position and or Title:
Current Student Staff Member PL in Hopkins Residence Hall

Your Email Address:
tramakrishnan3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Fellow Student

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Shivam for a little over a semester now. Our interactions typically revolve around school related activities like group projects, test preparation, and homework. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Shivam is a charismatic individual with a great sense of humor. He is engaging, friendly, and very easy to connect with. He has the ability to single out everyone in a room and make each individual feel important. On top of these great qualities he spent a year at UGA and transferred to Georgia Tech. He is passionate about what Tech has to offer which so important as an SSM.   

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Shivam's primary area of development is his difficulty with saying no. He loves making people happy and hates disappointing his peers. As an SSM, we're are sometimes called to be authoritative figures which residents may perceive as mean.  With the appropriate training I believe Shivam will be more than capable of handling any difficult situation in the appropriate manner. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Shivam would work well with spirited, high-energy first year students as he is incredibly charismatic and has this natural ability to unite a large group of people. Shivam would also do a great job as an upperclassmen RA as he did spend his first year at a different university but is focused and driven enough to handle larger groups of residents. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Shivam would make a fantastic SSM due to enthusiasm about life in general. In every encounter I have ever had with Shivam he has been friendly, happy, sincere, and excited which is so important as an SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Apart from his fun loving personality, Shivam is also very intelligent, hard-working, and focused which will allow him to be a great role model and mentor to his residents.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Shivam would truly be an asset to our housing community. 
