
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  10:14:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shruti Mishra

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Anupama Sekar

Your Position and or Title:
North Ave North RA

Your Email Address:
asekar7@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
The applicant is my roommate who has just transferred from UT-Arlington. I have known her for a little under a week.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Shruti is very calm, mature, and understanding of others. She is polite and wishes to be in a position of leadership and helping others. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Shruti is, from what I've gathered in my limited time knowing her, a little shy and timid, so she might need to work on being outgoing and enthusiastic.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Shruti would be good with first years. She can make an impact on them while coming out of her own shell and being more comfortable as a leader. Freshmen tend to need their PLs more than upperclassmen need their RAs, so I think that she would be well-challenged in that role. I do not know how much of an impact or personal growth she would experience as an RA. Because she is new, and therefore a little shy, she could help those in similar situations next year as a PL.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think that Shruti has good intentions and is a very kind and caring person. Again, because I do not know her extensively, I am forced to speculate on her personality.  I think that if she is put in the right situation, namely as a PL and with freshmen who she would have to interact with very often, she would eventually become very open and helpful towards them. So I think she, after becoming more accustomed to Georgia Tech, would make a good PL but an average RA.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
She was proactive in seeking out the application for this position within 3 days of transferring to Georgia Tech, so I think it shows initiative on her part and a deliberate wish to become more involved on campus.

Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Not Applicable

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Not Applicable

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Not Applicable

Critical Thinking Skills
Not Applicable

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
The in-person interview would be much more reflective of Shruti's strengths and weaknesses than my 3 days of experience with her, therefore, my recommendation is not a concrete representation of her personality and capability.
