
Date Submitted
12 22 2015  2:45:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Shuvajit Dey

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Alex Chung

Your Position and or Title:
Director of Engineering

Your Email Address:
achung@amfbakery.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Current or Former Supervisor

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have know the applicant a little over 6 month.  Hired him as a Co-op ME on the engineering staff.  He has helped in the areas on project completion and strategic development.  Using critical thinking, group communication, and design process he as met and exceeded expectations. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Involvement with the people.  Has very good social skills and listens very well.  Likable person which I feel is important in this kind of position.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Leadership.  Has huge potential to be a great role model.  Just needs the experience but has the tools to succeed.  Leadership isn't something you have.  It is something you develop.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Upperclass would the idea residents.  He is mature beyond his age.  I can see first-year students view him as too young to be a leader.  Upperclass would see his maturity and accept his age more.  People with respect and maturity will do well with him.  He will listen and give appropriate responses and suggestions which will be accepted by most upper classmates.  Adolescents will be an issue.  Shuvajit isn't the person to hold someones hands 100% of the time.  He is smart and responsible person.  Not a baby sitter.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes.  For all the reasons already stated.  Has a good judgment.  Never a 'can't do' attitude but rather a 'this won't work BUT here is an option' type person.  In life you want a person who gives solutions to a problem, not just state the problem and keep talking about it.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Shuvajit showed maturity at a level you don't most often see with a person his age.  Education can be learned and taught in school.  Human interaction, social communication, and professionalism is from natural behavior and experience.  He is far ahead in this area.  Add his intelligence to the mix and you have a candidate whom any employer would want.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Think I have said enough.  Hate to repeat myself.  
