
Date Submitted
1 5 2016  9:37:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Siddhart Jacob Varughese

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jouni Peppanen

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Advisor

Your Email Address:
jouni.peppanen@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Siddhart Jacob Varughese has been a resident of mine at Tenth & Home Building C since the beginning of Fall semester 2015. I have also been in the Tenth & Home   GLC flag football and soccer teams with him during the Fall semester 2015.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
First, I think that Siddhart has great interpersonal skills making it very easy for him to meet new people from diverse backgrounds as well as to have meaningful conversations and make close connections with them. In several occasions including several events that I have organized, Siddhart has naturally stepped up to become the center lead of the conversation in a very positive way. I think that this natural talent of Siddhart can bring him far in life and would allow him to build a tight community among his residents as an RA. Second, throughout the time that I have known Siddhart, he has proven his strong enthusiasm towards the residence life by actively participating in all events and moreover, by many times volunteering to help in the event organization. Furthermore, Siddhart has been a core member of the Tenth & Home and GLC flag football and soccer teams by participating at all the practices and games, by encouraging everyone else to come to the practices, by taking leadership in organizing extra practices, and by going to the Hall Council to get funds for the sport-team. Third, based on what I know of Siddhart’s background, I think that he would be an excellent role model for his residents as an RA. Siddhart has not only been extremely successful in academics but also has shown leadership in a large variety of extracurricular activities. I am confident that he would encourage and support his residents to do the same. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I am sure that Siddhart could learn a great deal from the RA position but I don’t see him having any areas that would need to be developed in order for him to be a successful RA.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think that Siddhart would be the best RA for graduate students (Tenth & Home or GLC) since he is a graduate student himself. However, due to his great interpersonal skills and age, I am sure that Siddhart would be equally successful also with undergrads.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Definitely. Please see my reply to question 9.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Please read my comprehensive reply to question 9.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Please read my comprehensive reply to question 9. I believe that it highlights my view of the candidate.
