
Date Submitted
1 5 2016  11:29:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Smaranda Ilinca Birlea

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Olivia Watkins

Your Position and or Title:
Manager, External Engagement (Government & Community Relations)

Your Email Address:
olivia.watkins@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
GT 1000

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Ilinca was one of my students in GT 1000 during the 2015 fall semester. We had a small class of 10 students, so I got to know Ilinca very well in the past 5 months.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Ilinca is an incredibly kind, approachable girl who is very respectful and considerate of everyone around her. She would work very well with the Housing professional staff members, student staff members, as well as residents. Additionally, Ilinca has a diverse background, so she could relate that aspect with her residents. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Becoming an RA PL would be an excellent opportunity for Ilinca to come out of her shell a bit. To some, she may come off a little quiet at first, but once she opens up, she has so many insightful and exciting things to say!

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Ilinca could be successful with all types of residents and could work well with any personality.  

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe that Ilinca would make a great SSM. She has the personality that would be very welcoming and approachable to the students and extremely reliable and helpful to follow student and professional staff members. She has an amazing work ethic and strong desire to always put forth her best effort.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
As a past RA at Georgia Tech, I would have really enjoyed working with someone just like Ilinca on my staff!

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None.
