
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  12:37:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Soham Gadgil

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Donna Peyton

Your Position and or Title:
Director of Development, School of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering, Georgia Tech

Your Email Address:
Donna.peyton@chbe.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Staff Member

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Soham for 4 1 2 months. He was a student in my GT 1000 class during the fall semester (2015). He was one of my best students and took advantage of opportunities to get my feedback and guidance.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Soham is honest, reliable, personable and tackles a challenge head on. It is because of these traits that he will make an excellent peer leader. Additionally, having taken GT 1000, he is armed with the knowledge of 'all things Georgia Tech', and will be a great resource to those in his residence hall.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
He has demonstrated leadership in my class, emerging as his group's leader when presenting end-of-semester group projects. Also, I believe that his personality will enable him to see two sides to a story and determine an appropriate solution resolution.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Soham's personality lends itself to working with first year students as well as upperclass students. He is very likable and I have seen him navigate through challenges where other students with difficult personalities were involved. He demonstrated leadership and class, and I can recommend him for this position wholeheartedly.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I recommend Soham Gadgil 100%. He is a leader who gets along well with everyone, yet he will ask for feedback from authority figures when necessary. He is a team player with an ability to bring everyone together. I believe he would make an excellent SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
If I can be of further assistance, please feel free to contact me at Donna.peyton@chbe.gatech.edu.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No concerns whatsoever.
