
Date Submitted
12 21 2015  3:38:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Srishti Gupta

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Casie Connolly

Your Position and or Title:
PL in Hefner, Armstrong, Fulmer

Your Email Address:
casieconnolly@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Srishti for the two years she has been at Georgia Tech.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Srishti's main strength is that she is very compassionate. She is willing to listen to others for as long as necessary and does not get tired of listening. She also brings great knowledge and diversity to the table and is always willing to share her experiences with others. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think Srishti would develop as a SSM into a more giving and selfless person. These qualities are some of the hardest to develop on your own, and being in the SSM position is the perfect way to do that. By being the first point of contact and role model for many residents, I think Srishti would be able to grow in this aspect. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Srishti would work most successfully with first year students. Her experiences from her first year at Tech have shaped who she is, and she is passionate about helping other first year students successfully manage their time at Tech.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I do believe that Srishti would make a good SSM. She has all of the qualities of a successful SSM and this position would allow her to grow more. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Average

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
My only reservations for hiring Srishti would be what kind of team she would be put on. She has a sometimes domineering personality which can be abrasive to certain types of people in the workplace.
