
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  10:59:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Steel Templin

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Will Campiglia

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
wcampiglia3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
He has been my resident since August 2015.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Steel is very socially active on the hall. I think he feels comfortable in almost every situation, which allows him to bridge relationships together. Therefore his biggest strength is bringing people together in a comfortable social gathering.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Unfortunately his comfort in most situations often leads to either offense or insult due to a slight lack of a verbal filter. This combined with a lack of sensitivity makes for a pretty awkward encounter when someone is easily offended. This isn't always a problem, in fact its a fairly rare occurrence, but either way it's definitely an area for improvement. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Only freshman. He works well with people that are both very outgoing and extremely social. I don't see him having much success with introverts, but in the few encounters I have witnessed between Steel and introverts they haven't been terrible.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
No, not yet. His maturity level is very low for a leadership position. It's important for him to understand that joking is fun and typically a good idea, but the fact that he is both insensitive and not very mature would make SSM a very difficult position for him to be successful in.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
He's involved in NROTC, which is a very good program and I felt like it is worth mentioning.

Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Poor

Integrity
Average

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Below Average

Leadership Potential
Below Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Poor

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
No

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A.
