
Date Submitted
1 4 2016  2:31:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Steven Rayburn

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Tim Jaudon

Your Position and or Title:
Glenn Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
tjaudon3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
He is a resident on my hall so I have known him since august. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Steve is one of the friendliest and most laid back guys I know.  He has a super agreeable personality and is great at making you feel good about yourself through his questions and listening skills in normal conversation.  From what I have noticed he is a diligent worker and is always on top of his studies, which would translate well to organizing events as well as his time.  He also seems to balance this with his social life well.  

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
There may be room for development in terms of taking over as a leader.  His laid back personality is great for one on one interactions but I have not witnessed him take over when it comes to big group settings.  However I do believe he has it in him if he tried, I just don't think he naturally gravitates to taking control of the group.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would be great with all undergraduates.  He is a very mature guy whose laid back personality would make him admired by the young freshman as well as make him mingle and fit in well with upperclassmen.  I genuinely think he could get along with just about anybody.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes.  He has a great personality for the job.  He is not some overly outgoing and aggressive planner, but he is relatable and friendly, as well as a hard worker who would definitely be able to organize his time well in order to fulfill his SSM duties.  He is a nice guy who cares for others and I think he would make a great SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
