
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  3:16:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Sunya Momin

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Ben Appel

Your Position and or Title:
Resident Assistant

Your Email Address:
benjamineappel@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Peer

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Sunya for 3 years ever since she first came to GT as a freshman. We had several mutual friends and I slowly got to know her more as a person and a friend.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Friendly, caring, driven, integrity.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Ability to work in teams collaboratively.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Sunya would be most successful with upperclassman residents. She has the organization and drive to be able to handle the larger administrative tasks that go along with having a large number of residents.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes. Sunya is a very caring and gentle individual. She would excel in smaller group situations, especially 1:1 with residents.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I would have loved to have her on my staff when I was a PL and RA for 8 semesters from 2012-2015.
