
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  12:48:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Swati Mardia

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Aida Mokube

Your Position and or Title:
FFM PL

Your Email Address:
aidamokube@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been the PL of this applicant this year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Swati is very dedicated to her work! She is great at time management and hardly ever looks stressed out.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Swati is somewhat indecisive. She struggles with finding her place (in terms of major and area of study) and may not be a good role model in that sense.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that being an international student and coming to Tech for her first year has been a time where Swati has learned a lot about herself. I believe that she would be pivotal for a freshman floor with international students so that she can help them get accustomed to being away from home in another country. I-House would be really great as well.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Swati would be good with training. She is willing to learn and tries her best to get to know those on the floor. She does not know much about the position, but this can be taught through training.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Below Average

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Average

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Not Applicable

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Below Average

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
training would be ideal. Hopefully through this semester and the summer she will understand what she wants to do in life and in her academics!
