
Date Submitted
12 15 2015  10:36:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Sydney White

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Palavi Vaidya

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
vpalavi@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have gotten to know Sydney very well this past semester because she was my resident. She made a lot of effort to create a community for herself but most importantly for others in which everyone sorority and non-sorority girls could hang out and get to know each other. As I started doing midweek munchies, Sydney made sure to help each week. If there was a week where she had a lot of homework, she would bring her work to the kitchen so that she could give me company. I think she has done a phenomenal job leaving her door open and branching out to the girls to create a living learning space as a resident. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Communication skills  organization skills 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think she needs to learn about prioritizing others infront of herself if she decides to become a PL. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
upperclassmen. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes - I have gotten to know Sydney very well this past semester because she was my resident. She made a lot of effort to create a community for herself but most importantly for others in which everyone sorority and non-sorority girls could hang out and get to know each other. As I started doing midweek munchies, Sydney made sure to help each week. If there was a week where she had a lot of homework, she would bring her work to the kitchen so that she could give me company. I think she has done a phenomenal job leaving her door open and branching out to the girls to create a living learning space as a resident. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Average

Self Motivation
Average

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Average

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Average

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Average

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None
