
Date Submitted
1 13 2016  9:41:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Taylor Curtiss

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Alexandra Vallas

Your Position and or Title:
Harris Resident Advisor

Your Email Address:
avallas3@gatech,edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Taylor has been my resident for one semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Taylor is great with people. He is very diplomatic and funny and has a good way with others. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
If he were to work with freshmen, I could see him getting a little impatient with them; however, working with upperclassmen would render that issue moot.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
He would be more successful with upperclass students. He works well with outgoing people who are close to him; I could see him having some trouble dragging the more shy residents out of their rooms. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I definitely think he would!

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Taylor has been super involved with Hall Council the past few years, which I think is very relevant experience.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
