
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  1:40:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
TAYLOR THOMAS

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
BRAD ROSENKAMPFF

Your Position and or Title:
COO MANAGING PARTNER

Your Email Address:
brad@thelinkcompanies.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
EMPLOYER-THE LINK COMPANIES

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I've known Taylor for 10 years. He has worked for our company in a part-time position (during the summer and school breaks) for the last 6-7 years.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Taylor is extremely likeable, personable and his smart. A definite strength is his ability to tackle any job or responsibility without hesitation. His tasks are always organized and planned in advance. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I can't think of anything for development, and if there is any needed, I feel confident in his ability to learn and incorporate into his duties.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Both first-years and upperclass students would respond well. Taylor, in his position with our company, worked with men women of all ages. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes He's a proven leader and is well conditioned to handle most any task in front of him. He works hard and is always willing to learn.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
I was a former college student at a major university.  I would fee comfortable as a student having someone like Taylor 'leading the way.'

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Great young man. He is someone very respectful of others, kind, personable and hard working.
