
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  11:23:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Terrence Connors

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Tyler Oliver

Your Position and or Title:
PL

Your Email Address:
tconnors3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Tyler since this beginning of this academic school year. I met him early in the term (within the first few days), and he has been a resident with whom I have had many interactions and have gotten to know very well.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Tyler displays many qualities and attributes that would make him a good SSM. First, he has displayed and continues to display a great interest and enthusiasm for the job, which I believe is very important when sorting through applicants. Second, he is very compassionate and inclusive. When encountering situations where residents are going through tough times or residents are more reserved, these traits become extremely useful in forging closer relationships and healthier communities.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
If there were one area of development Tyler could build upon as an SSM, I would suggest he be a little more outgoing and approach everyday residential dealings with vigor. He would be an excellent communicator with more reserved residents, but the trick is also to connect with residents who are very lively and involved in the community and match their overall enthusiasm and vigor.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think that Tyler would work well with both upperclass students and first-years. He has qualities, like being a bit more laid-back and reserved that I feel would be a better fit for upperclass students. However, he is also very much strong community oriented which is easier to achieve in a Freshman dorm.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Tyler would make a good SSM. He has a good balance between being practical in his work and being enthusiastically involved in it, and seeing him as a member of our community, I think this would be a good position for him.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
N A
