
Date Submitted
1 12 2016  10:40:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Tobin Abraham

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Vincent Capuano

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
vincentcapuano@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
n a

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Tobin is a current resident of my floor. He has lived there since the beginning of Fall semester. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Tobin cares about people. It is evident in his everyday interactions with me and with his fellow residents. In my opinion, that is the most valuable personality trait for someone in the Peer Leader or RA position. Every other necessary part of the job becomes almost effortless when a level of care like Tobin's is present in the SSM. Tobin also enjoys being involved in Hall Council and in the floor's activities. He is willing to step out of his comfort zone to have a good time with his peers. I appreciate his willingness to lend a helping hand to his peers and to his peer leaders. Tobin is a strong candidate for this position.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
While Tobin is able to interact and converse well, the frequency of interaction is low. I am impressed every time I talk to him or see him in an interaction, but he is not prone to have many conversations. I would describe him as more of an introvert. Introverts can be very successful PLs, however, I believe it is challenging for them to engage residents regularly as it takes more effort and energy for that personality type. I believe Tobin could work on developing his frequency of interaction, because as a Peer Leader he will be required to be present and vocal in the community.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Tobin would be a successful Peer Leader. As an RA I do not believe Tobin would succeed. Tobin is very nice and would be good at developing community and advising freshman. He would be able to confront these newer residents and be successful, but upperclassmen are more difficult to deal with and I question if Tobin could be successful confronting them. The candidate would be successful on a floor of eager, kind people. I do not know if Tobin could deal with confrontational or aggressive residents. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Tobin would be a successful Peer Leader. He reminds me of Sherwin Davoud in his conversational ability and stature. As previously stated, Tobin cares about people. In my opinion, he will be able to overcome any weaknesses he has out of sheer force of care, and it would be hard for a floor not to form strong bonds with a PL like Tobin. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Tobin is very interested in the position and has expressed that to me and his co-PL many times. This is not a candidate that applies just for free housing. This is a candidate that wants to make a difference for incoming freshman.

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Average

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
n a
