
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  1:03:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Tommaso Pieroncini

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Melissa Sexton

Your Position and or Title:
Marion L. Brittain Postdoctoral Fellow

Your Email Address:
melissa.sexton@lmc.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
Tommaso was in my Fall 2015 English 1101 class and is currently in my Spring 2016 English 1102 class. I have known him since August 2015.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Tommy is very outgoing, friendly, enthusiastic, and thoughtful. I observed him working in groups multiple times in this class, and he is great at harnessing the energy of a group and directing that energy towards productive ends. While he was always a fun participant in the group, he also kept goals in mind and helped encourage his group to do both creative and thoughtful work.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I believe that Tommy has great leadership potential and a position as an SSM could help him to develop it. I would like to see him learning to take even more initiative with the skills that he has, functioning as a leader not just in small-group settings but in larger settings as well.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I observed that Tommy was able to get along with a variety of students in our class. He fit in well when working with a big, exuberant group and he also fit in well when he was in a group with shyer, more quiet students. He actively encouraged their participation and creativity as well.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Tommy would make a great SSM, as he is responsible and energetic. He gets along with people easily but without compromising his own interest in critical thinking and creative work.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No
