
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  4:02:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Trupti Patel

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Kari White

Your Position and or Title:
Assistant Director, Grand Challenges Living Learning Community

Your Email Address:
kari.white@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Staff Member

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I selected Trupti for the Grand Challenges Living Learning Community Fall 2015, and I have known her for 6 months.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Trupti is involved on campus and is natural leader. She is generous and thoughtful and provides support and motivation to her peers effortlessly.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Trupti has all of the abilities to perform the duties of an SSM. She will develop her skills navigating personal relationships as she matures and experiences new situations.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Trupti would work well with any type of resident. I believe she could successful working with any personality type.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe Trupti would make an excellent SSM. She is personable, approachable, proactive, organized, and an excellent communicator.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Not Applicable

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Trupti would be an excellent addition to the housing staff.
