
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  12:52:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Tushar Ladha

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Nicholas Mohammed

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
nmohammed6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known the applicant as my resident for one year, and after that, as a friend for over 2 years. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Tushar is very organised and focused making him good at turning in reports on time and completing his community building activities in a timely manner. He is also very personable and energetic, making him good at developing relationships with residents, but not in a large group setting. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Tushar is good at communication in the small group level but he may need to work on managing large group dynamics such as how the floor as a whole behaves and adheres to housing rules. However, this is a challenging task for many SSMs. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
This candidate would be most successful with first-years because of his energy and social skills. It'll be easier for him to form a community with the floor because of the energy and excitement he can bring to conversations with students. Also, being an international student with a co-op, he can be an excellent resource for other international students trying to find co-ops in their fields. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Tushar would make a good SSM because he is energetic and likeable, but at the same time very organised and focused, so as to still remember the administrative aspects of the SSM position and to enforce the rules on his floor. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Average

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes, but with reservations

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
I would hire this applicant but I would try to have him work on adapting to the personalities of others, so as to not overwhelm more introverted residents with his outgoing personality. 
