
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  5:40:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Tyler Wan

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Kantwon Rogers

Your Position and or Title:
PL

Your Email Address:
krogers34@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Tyler for 2 years. He was  a resident in my dorm. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Tyler prides himself on his funny and approachable personality.  He is always very welcoming to new people and perspectives in life. As a current Teaching Assistant for CS 1371, Tyler continues to be well-immersed in the Freshman culture (specifically the academic aspect). As a Teaching Assistant, Tyler will become a priceless resource to his residents. Additionally, through this position he has developed fantastic interpersonal skills and has learned to become very adaptable. He also has great strengths in administrative tasks and adhering to rules and regulations. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Tyler is a well-rounded individual. Seeing as he hasn't had a role similar to being an SSM, he will just have to develop his knowledge of the requirements for the job. Tyler is able to adapt to any situation; therefore, I have no doubt that he will be able to improve upon this through training. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Tyler would work best with first-year students. He will work best open-minded and dedicated individuals like himself. Although, Tyler is able to work with any type of person, closed-minded individuals might present a challenge. However, I have no doubt that Tyler will find a way to successfully work with people in less-than-ideal circumstances. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believer that Tyler would make an AMAZING SSM. He is extremely likeable and would be a great addition to any staff. He has many ideas in order to improve his community as a whole and is able to adapt to many different situations. Additionally, his background being a Teaching Assistant will allow him to not only him his residents socially, and emotionally, but also academically. I highly recommend Tyler for an SSM position. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Hire!
