
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  1:42:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Utkarsh Pandey

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Kunal Shah

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader (HAF)

Your Email Address:
kcshah94@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have been Utkarsh's PL since the beginning of the academic year.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Utkarsh is a natural leader. He is able to take command of a situation when that kind of leadership is called for, and is eager to jump at any opportunity to make a difference by taking charge. He is a very community-oriented person, and is very adept at effectively communicating with both supervisors and peers, which I have seen firsthand as an advisor for the hall council of which he is vice president.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
As a current first year student, Utkarsh has yet to experience some of the more extreme situations that an older staff member may have already seen in some way, and his scope of vision for what the general student body experiences may not be as broad as that of an older resident. However, I believe that training does a good job of acclimating people to that way of thinking, and I believe Utkarsh has the mental and emotional capacity to excel in that area with some development as well.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Utkarsh may be more successful with first-year residents, because he has been a part of a very active floor community, and has been instrumental in making it the way it is. He has experience in this area, and would know exactly what it takes to build a tight-knit community. However, given his maturity, intelligence, and strong leadership presence, I think he would also be very successful with upperclass students, if he was placed in such a position.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Utkarsh would make a good, SSM, due to his ability to act as both a resident and a staff member, and seamlessly switch between those two roles and be successful in both.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
None

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
None
