
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  2:20:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Veda Berg

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Anna Laura Davenport

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader

Your Email Address:
adavenport9@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Veda for a semester.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Veda is a friendly and outgoing resident, but also balances her schedule well. She is involved in band and FAB, and manages her time with her extracurriculars and school. Her strengths are that she would set a good example of time management, and that she is always friendly and light hearted on the floor. She is one of the few residents who is friends with the floor as an entirety. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Veda would be able to have more control in how the floor interacts. I believe that she would grow as a person with more leadership responsibility and that it would strengthen her values and commitments to GT.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe that Veda would be successful with either first-years or upperclassmen. She is a very relatable person and has a personality that puts you at ease. She works most well with those who are light hearted and have a sense of humor. I believe she would work the least well of those who do not want to participate. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, I believe that Veda would make an excellent SSM. I believe that she fully understands what the role entails and how to balance being a student and a SSM. She has a wide variety of friends and know how to interact with different personalities. I believe that residents would find her relatable and easy to look up to. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
If you ever get to meet Veda in person, you will understand that she has a wonderful positive energy that isn't overwhelming. I have seen her have struggles like any other student, yet she perseveres and is very optimistic. 

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Good

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Veda works well with just about anyone and has huge potential. 
