
Date Submitted
11 17 2015  6:28:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Victoria Kravets

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Apurva Kasam

Your Position and or Title:
PL in Howell

Your Email Address:
akasam6@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Floormate freshmen year

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Victoria for approximately 1.5 years. She has been a floor mate. group member, and friend. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Victoria is a great candidate for SSM because of her amazing listening ability, her ability to multitask, and her involvements in extracurriculars. She knows a lot about what Georgia Tech has to offer because of her involvements. She also is a Peer Coach and knows important skills that can be used as SSMs.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think the area of development she has is being more active in being open towards other people.  She is very open and welcoming but isn't as good at approaching people when it isn't needed. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think she would be great with upperclassmen. She would love to help people out when they need it. She would be able to connect well with upperclassmen unlike freshmen. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
yes! She has potential to be a fantastic SSM. She is very receptive and very committed. If selected as an SSM, she would do everything in her ability to be the best SSM possible.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
She has great advice for getting involved in extracurriculars, research, jobs, and more. She knows the ins and outs of involvements and would be a great asset to Georgia Tech Housing. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
n a
