
Date Submitted
1 11 2016  4:14:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Victoria Okudoh

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
William J. Koros

Your Position and or Title:
Professor of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering

Your Email Address:
wjk@chbe.gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
GT Faculty

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I am Victoria's academic advisor, and I have known her for about 3 months

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Victoria is a very calm and analytical person, but she is also pleasant and seems to be a good 'people person'.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I am not sure what to say here, since I m not very well familiar with what a SSM must do, but I expect that she will need to help people deal with personal challenges caused by class stress.  Perhaps she should take a short class on this.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
First years-- and especially those who have transferred in from another school, since she has personally had to deal with the challenges that this impose.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes.  I think she is a calm and organized person who would be able to get to the bottom of issues that might be bothering someone.  I envision this to be the most important type of attribute for a SSM.

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
No.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
No.
