
Date Submitted
1 17 2016  6:11:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Vinayak (Vinny) Ruia

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Brian Robins

Your Position and or Title:
Peer Leader (Towers-Hanson)

Your Email Address:
brobins3@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
RA PL Recommendation (you have served as an RA or PL the 2016-2017 year)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Resident Advisor or Peer Leader

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
N A

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Vinny as a resident for approximately one semester. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
I think a strength Vinny has is how relatable he is and that he can be very outgoing. I think this would help him do well in a community because he would have the ability to reach out to his residents and make them feel welcome and safe. I also think Vinny is a hard worker (reflected through his grades) and he would work hard to be as good of an SSM as possible. By combining these two traits, I think Vinny would have a very active and involved floor because of these strengths. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
I think Vinny could use the SSM position to help him develop more self confidence and leadership qualities. I know Vinny has these qualities, yet I think he could improve. If he were an SSM and he got good feedback and saw that he was doing well with the position, it would really help him to improve and develop.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I think Vinny would do well with first year students. I think he would be able to give good advice and share experiences to be a good role model. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I think Vinny would be a good candidate. He is truly a very nice guy and I think residents would appreciate his effort to get to know them and help them feel welcome. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
N A

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Good

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Good

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Overall, I think Vinny would be a great candidate and I trust that he would do well as an SSM. 
