
Date Submitted
12 27 2015  11:46:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
William Jun

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Jiby Yohannan

Your Position and or Title:
Medical Student and former SSM

Your Email Address:
jiby.yohannan@gmail.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Former Peer leader of applicant

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I was will's PL last year so I knew him as a resident and leader on our hall. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Will possess several strengths that would make him a fantastic SSM. For one, he has a very charismatic personality that can instantly connect with anyone. From the moment I met Will he was full of smiles and cheer, and his enthusiasm made him a natural leader on the floor from the start. Will also has an instinctual knack for leadership. He is driven by serving others, and is very cooperative with his team. He especially demonstrated this during his time as Hall Council president. He always made sure that everybody was heard, but also was able to effectively run meetings and make decisions without delay. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
One area that Will could develop his knowledge in as a potential SSM is understanding the different resources on campus that are available for students. I taught Will a lot about the different resources (both academic and extra-curricular) that students have at their fingertips but there are still so many I didn't expose him to. I believe that SSM training does an excellent job in teaching PLs and RAs about these resources and so he will develop his knowledge through these training sessions. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I believe Will would do best with first-year residents. He is very comfortable with first interactions and getting people to step outside their comfort zone. On the floor, Will was always leading events to get the floor together and to bond with each other. Whether it is organizing movie nights or jamming out with instruments outside, Will finds way to include everyone. I know these qualities are essential to be an effective Peer Leader, and Will would do an excellent job in helping first years thrive at Georgia Tech. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes! Will would be a great SSM because he is engaging, a people-person, creative, and motivated. I know that he will be able to balance the work-load that comes along with the SSM position and his residents will look up to him as a role model. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Will has been enthusiastic about being an SSM since his first semester at Georgia Tech. Unfortunately he wasn't able to apply last year due to a conflict, but this year he is very excited about the process and I wholeheartedly believe that he is an ideal candidate for a Student Staff Member position. 

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Although Will only has 'average' diversity and social justice awareness currently, I believe that he will be come 'excellent' through the SSM experience. 
