
Date Submitted
1 6 2016  9:16:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
William Austin Thompson

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
David Zorzi

Your Position and or Title:
Principal and Colonel-USAF-retired

Your Email Address:
dave.zorzi@kearneyco.com

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Family friend

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have know William 'Austin' Thompson for 16 years.  I have witnessed him grow from a young boy into the fine man he is today.  And, recently I've trusted him with living in my home, caring for my pets, and taking care of my property while I was on an extended vacation.  He is extremely trustworthy, mature, and responsible.

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
I am always impressed with William 'Austin' Thompson's attitude and motivation; and strongly believe that he possesses the determination and intellect to achieve great things. Austin is friendly, affable, and exceptionally easy to get along with.  He has the innate leadership skills and compassion necessary to be an exceptional SSM.

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Having grown up in a military family (a military brat) and working at the USAF Youth Employment Skills Program for four years has prepared Austin to become a strongly valued SSM.  Living throughout the U.S and also living oversees several times taught Austin how to adapt to different people, places, and ideas.  He is well suited to be a counselor, mentor, and leader-servant to the student body and his fellow SSMs.

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
I sincerely believe Austin will work successfully with all age groups because of his incredible work ethic, his responsible demeanor, and his ability to use humor to diffuse any situation calmly and effectively.  He is respectful of all ideas and will work equally well with his peers, first-years, upper class mates as well as professors.

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Austin is unquestionably one of the most responsible, upstanding, insightful, and mature young man I know.   If I were back in college I'd want Austin to be my RA -- he is that good.  Intelligent, Understanding, Compassionate, and Responsible.  

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Austin consistently excels in everything he does and considers multiple factors in making sound decisions. He is a motivated student with an advanced intellect and background that has prepared him well for the challenges that may arise in life.  Austin house sat our large home & property for 10 days.  He cared for not only our home, pool, and property.  But, our beloved dog as well.  I had complete confidence in his abilities and never was concerned about our estate.  For the many reasons and attributes I've highlighted in previous sections above -- I wholeheartedly recommend Austin for an SSM position.  I'm most confident he will be the quintessential RA RL.  Thank you for your consideration.

Self Confidence
Excellent

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Excellent

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Austin is a team-player and will serve G-T well as an extraordinary SSM.  Please fell free to contact me if you need any further information.                                     David R. Zorzi,  703.298.4247
