
Date Submitted
1 18 2016  9:13:00 AM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Xavier Williams

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Whitney Vazquez

Your Position and or Title:
Electrical Engineer

Your Email Address:
Wvazqu03@harris.om

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation (you are not a RA or PL)

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Former Employee Mentor

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Xavier for approximately one year. Xavier worked with me during his internships at Harris Corporation. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Xavier's strongest asset is his determination and commitment  to thoroughness and aptitude to know when to seek guidance. Xavier was diligent in his work to gather information from all relevant parties in order to make the most practical decisions. He collaborated with many people from different backgrounds and worked hand and hand with some of our companies international companies. It is rare to put an intern in front of customers, but Xavier's quick learning afforded him that opportunity. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Xavier has the opportunity to develop his leadership and mentoring capabilities. Although he is the  Social Chair for his fraternity, garnering more leadership will be beneficial to Xavier in the long term.  

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Xavier would work well with many first-year students. His experiences benighted oldest sibling in his family, has giving him the opportunity to grow his mentoring strengths and share his experiences. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
I believe that Xavier will be an excellent SSM. I have worked with many interns throughout my profession and I can honestly say I have never met someone that worked so hard and had the drive to learn as much as Xavier. Xavier shows discipline for himself, this I saw when he managed his money in order to pay his school tuition. He also displayed his ability to be social by participating and helping to plan team events. I believe that Xavier's ability to balance his school work and social life, along with his financial responsibilities are clear examples that Xavier is a great candidate. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?
Within one year of meeting Xavier, I have seen many qualities that it take a lifetime to see out of others. As his mentor through work, I was able to build a relationship and also mentor him in his career goals. Xavier is very personable  and a great listener. He shares his knowledge and looks for the best out of everyone.  But most important his is human and through the good and bad has been able to persevere.  

Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Excellent

Communication Skills
Excellent

Maturity
Excellent

Integrity
Excellent

Creativity
Good

Interpersonal Skills
Excellent

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Excellent

Critical Thinking Skills
Good

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Xavier's strongest skill is his maturity. 
