
Date Submitted
12 31 2015  12:53:00 PM

Name of Applicant (Who are you recommending?):
Yee Liew

Name of Recommender (Your Name):
Varun Yarabarla

Your Position and or Title:
President of the GT American Medical Student Association (AMSA)

Your Email Address:
v.yarabarla@gatech.edu

Please indicate what type of recommendation this is:
Non Residence Life Staff Recommendation

Your Relationship to the Applicant
Other (please specify in next question)

For the previous question, if you selected 'Other' please specify here.  If not, please type 'N A'.
Amanda is on my executive board for AMSA. I am her overseeing president.

In what capacity and for how long have you known the applicant?
I have known Amanda since high school since we both attended Northview. I have known her for about 2-3 years now but only this past year have I had the chance of overseeing her when she served as the advocacy coordinator for AMSA. 

What are this applicant's strengths as a potential SSM?
Amanda would make a good addition because she makes people comfortable when talking to him. She also makes an effort to get to know others. She has the ability to manage as a leader and delegate efficiently as I have seen her do in the past. All these qualities allow her to build a successful community and I think that is her biggest asset as an SSM. 

What are this applicant's areas of development as a potential SSM?
Amanda at times can be a little 'too fun' but that would something that makes her an even better SSM. She sometimes lacks focus in things and does things she enjoys a little more. But her love and passion to do what is fun allows her to truly enjoy them. She really values this SSM role so I am sure she will find a way to mix both and really to a fantastic job handling her residents and developing an nurtured community. 

What type of residents (mostly first-years, upperclass students, etc.) would this candidate be most successful with?  What personalities does this candidate work most and least well with?
Amanda would be a great PL who works with first-years. She already has so much knowledge of how to help underclassmen, especially through AMSA where she serves as a mentor. But she also has a lot of freshmen in her advocacy sector of AMSA which she really takes in and guides to make sure they have all that they need. For these reasons, I think Amanda would make for a terrific PL. 

Do you believe the candidate would make a good SSM?  Please explain.
Yes, having known Amanda for so long, I truly believe that she can be a good SSM. She has the right personality and outgoing attitude for the position. She is always so motivated and on top of her work. More so, she is always so eager to be involved with community events and give back just like an SSM should be. 

Is there any additional information you would like to provide?


Self Confidence
Good

Self Motivation
Average

Communication Skills
Good

Maturity
Average

Integrity
Good

Creativity
Excellent

Interpersonal Skills
Good

Leadership Potential
Good

Diversity & Social Justice Awareness
Average

Critical Thinking Skills
Excellent

Would you hire this applicant?
Yes

Any other comments or concerns regarding this applicant?
Amanda sometimes gets stressed if she is overworks. But she has been pushing through and succeeding just fine at GT. I think her values and lessons learned would serve as great knowledge for her residents. 
